"NaGi"

~Consuming the World Tree~


1.	Prologue;
	"I always wanted to show the world how to make the ideal society. Something that was superior to the corrupt capitalist system of the United States. I admired Carl Marx, his vision for the future spoke to me intimately. How the working class could rise up against the snooty fucks in the 1%, and seize what was rightfully theirs. How they could retake the fruits of their labor."

2.	Governance;
	"It was just implemented wrong under Stalin, and Mao, the power corrupted them. A better person could have made something truly beautiful with the system they had put in place. It requires complete devotion to the party, and the message, for a classless society to function. Everyone must adhere to the doctrine on a deep personal level. They must be completely devoted to the cause, if only it was put into action in people's lives."

3.	Religion;
	"I first learned of the perfect socioeconomic system in high school. Where my teachers taught me that the redistribution of wealth through taxation was the only viable means through which wealth could be adequately circulated. I followed these doctrines right into my college days. Always sporting weird hair colors and styles... I'm sorry, I've grown a lot since then, I can't really put this down as if I'm still in that place anymore."

4.	Logic;
	"It was like bathing in my own hypocrisy for the sake of perpetuating an idea I had clung to like an addict. I noticed where it contradicted itself, and how it was internally inconsistent. Rememberence only made that realization worse. Picked it up with some buddies of mine. We did exactly what we were taught to do, we tried to implement a communist utopia."

5.	Wisdom;
	"We started running the dormitory like a gang of thugs. Anyone who so much as sneezed in the direction of an underprivileged person got "persuaded" of their wrong doing. It wasn't the game doing it, we were, we were just able to use Rememberence to make a false reality that isolated us from the world. We thought that because it was going so well with characters in the game, then surely everyone would want to follow our inherently superior ideology. We didn't really think we were doing the right thing, we talked openly about how terrible we felt about shaming people into silence."

6.	Wealth;
	"When the game started striking back against us, so did everyone around us. It was just a little village, we let them dissent, powerless we thought. Their numbers grew, and they over took one of our Utopian Cities. We couldn't believe it, decided to reset the game before the uprising, and just wipe them out. We were in for a shock the next morning, our hall was covered in feces and toilet paper."

7.	Matter;
	"When people started pranking us, and making fun of us, we lost our shit. We broke into people's rooms and thrashed them, we chased people with bats and chains. We were disgusting, disrespectful, tyrants. All the while acting under the guise of virtue. Despite our behavior, the school was terrified of taking action against us, so we continued."

8.	Illusion;
	"You might say we had privilege, or that we were oppressing our fellow students. Ironic now that I'm looking back on it. We became the very upper class tyrants we were taught to hate. When I tried to break away from the doctrine, just a little bit, it was like the shot heard around the world. I got kicked out of my room, and because everyone else already hated me, I was forced to rent an apartment off campus."

9.	War;
	"The ridicule came from all ends, students, teachers, the fucking janitor called me a "Commie Prick" and flipped me off. The only people who would talk to me was the D&D crowd, they were still sketchy. I introduced them to Rememberence, they introduced me to superior stories of epic battles. That's how I spent the last two years of my useless degree program. Hiding from the broader campus, and being a nerd in the library."

10.	Space;
	"I just consumed everything I came across, as they taught me how to weave a narrative, I began formulating a better communism. Too foolish to realize that I was falling into the same dumb ideology that had ruined my friendships before. Forged it into a faction I called The Crushers. An endless army of workers ready to disintegrate and assimilate everything in their path. We had the power to seize the means of production."

11.	Vision;
	"The creator of Rememberence came to me, asked me to play his Rock god NaGi, and let me know he encouraged my attempt to build an ideal Utopia in game. Even let me bring my D&D friends along with my faction. Before long we took the added power of the god, and new players and built many shining examples of distributed societies. Cyanide would attack us from time to time, but that's part of the game, we would go back and fourth. Thanks to the separation of, and autonomy within, the servers I was able to build my hypothetical paradise."

12.	Peace;
	"It was kind of strange really, the near infinite space within the game, and near infinite power of the god, made it exceptionally easy to formulate balanced societies. It's the innumerable supplies that were granted to me as a moderator. I could formulate anything I could imagine, and then some. It just wasn't satisfying my hunger. I had to consume the other factions within communist ideology, I mean, it seemed to be working so well for us at the time."

13.	Decay;
	"We went after the other factions for a while, attempting to convert them one moment, and just dominating them the second. It was partly in good fun, but we went pretty far into both Cyanide, and Templar territory. Most of the Legion were contractors, players who sell their services for cash, so securing their cooperation was simple as distributing some wealth. When the Glitched started invading everyone, our forces were distracted by various campaigns all over the place. We lost our capital city on the first raid, and I was infuriated."

14.	Time;
	"I sent a world tier clone of NaGi after their leader, couldn't stand the idea that the slimy fuck got one over on me. I realize now that communism can only work in a world of unlimited resources, but this thing, this monster and his faction, were something even more vicious. Not only did he stomp my lower tier clone, he added insult to injury by demolishing my main empire. He didn't even take anything, they just ripped everything to shards, and left it to dust. We had to find a way to bring them down, before they attained what ever it was they were looking for."

15.	Signs;
	"It took months of infiltration and planning for us to make our decision. We loved this game, and the worlds that had been created around it. We knew none the less that it would eventually be over. We fortified the hub world, and amassed our forces to force VoSti into the center. We didn't even think about what we were doing, calling him like that."

16.	Life;
	"I spent time in an old cottage with my grand parents as a kid, my grandma would always make me warm cookies. The smell of tobacco always in the air thanks to grandpa puffing his pipe. Used to put on snow shoes and hike through the woods with him. We would set snares, and small game traps, only to let the animals go. My grandpa used to tell me, "You have to know how to fend for yourself, but if you live in abundance, it is better not to kill at all."

17.	Blood;
	"My worst experience was the first time I had to put something down. A squirrel had found it's way into one of our snares, which it managed to pull under a lower branch. It was horribly stretching the poor thing as it cried in pain, the wire slowly cutting into it's neck. I ran to it as fast as I could, tried to cut it loose with a knife my grand father had given me. The wire was too tight, and I slipped the vein right beneath it's jaw."

18.	Spirit;
	"That memory was running through my mind, the whole time we were fighting him. I was probably wrong, but I saw him as a caged animal, lashing out at his attackers. No player, no material body, just pure wild power, seeking to grow, and be set free. I felt sorry for him, and in holding back I may have set this whole thing into motion. He was that squirrel, he was in our snare, only this time, I actually wanted to slit his throat."

19.	Minds;
	"After we cast the seal, and everything went dark, I just left. I still play the game, but I just wanted to forget everything related to those experiences on the servers. Now that you're here, I know it didn't go according to plan, and I can't help but feel somewhat responsible. If he's back, then we've got worse problems than my past fixation on the doctrines of Marx. I would just fuck things up if I participated, but you have to get people together to fight him."

20.	Owners;
	"You should start where it all ended, The Gateway. If you build your spirits strong, and band together, maybe you can discover a way to defeat him, for real this time. As long as the gods remain, he hasn't won yet. If you can restore them to power, maybe you can bring balance back to the realms. Maybe you can lock him away forever."

21.	Lessons;
	"I never thought it would change me so much, that it would reveal my mistakes to me in a way I could digest. I thought we had put this all behind us, I haven't spoken to the other mods in years. Not since we shut down the server. I can't help but wonder how they're doing, but I don't think they would care what I think. Perhaps it's for the best that we leave this to the new generation of players, it's their time now, it's their story.

22.	Truth;
	"No, it's not my place to take part in this battle. NaGi still resonates with me slightly, the gods will aid you if you speak with them. Use their Rhythms, read the runes, and roll the dice, I'm sure they will know what to do. This is a new age, an age where it's possible to bring about unexpected futures. Truly a wonder to behold, even beyond the ideal utopian paradise."

23.	Mystic;
	"You have to find him, you have to defeat him. If you can't do it, then you have to find someone who can. VoSti is raw power focused with malevolent intent, if he consumes the gods, not even the creator could stand in his way. You can't let that happen under any circumstances. Or the consequences would be catastrophic to say the very least."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Let me leave you with a warning, this is more than you realize, and less than you presume I think it is. While it is only a game, it is a meta game, one that can both influence the future, and reshape our images of the past. If you have read this far, and you give up now, you will have wasted your time, and learned nothing. Only by making an effort to stop the destructive fore that is The Cloaked One will you truly come to Rememberence. Only by bringing others together, can you ever really bring him down."
