"The City of Mythos"

	Entering The Gateway you are greeted with an ancient city which lay in ruins, a ghost town, with ornate carvings denoting a once great civilization. A fountain in the middle of the massive courtyard surrounded by six glowing portals, above matching stands. The protals labled with runes and subtle clues as to what they might contain;

NaGi - Eternal Stone - Green

NaFi - Eternal Wind - Grey

NaWi - Eternal Flame - Red

NaZi - Eternal Ocean - Blue

NaTe - Eternal Light - White

NaDin - Eternal Shadow - Black

	Between each portal are stones carved with phrases that seem to change so the reader can understand them. "Six as one, One as none, Brought together thy kingdom come," They read in repeating letters moving over the smooth stone. This center place, the fountain and portals, unusually intact compared to the rest of the surounding city. You see a tall cloaked figure to the north, in the plain emptiness beyond the city's walls, unmoving. Yet somehow, you could feel it's awareness of your presence, like a chilling eye at your neck, as if it resonates throughout this space.

	Watching, Waiting, to see what you do next. You can't see it clearly however, as it seems to lose focus at the mere thought of it, while it's cold embrace envelopes this space none the less. Outside the city is a near infinate empty space with six barren towers. The cloacked figure seems to draw nearer the further away from the city you go. You don't know what it wants, but you might be better off remaining in the city for now. Exploring a bit, or going through one of the portals.

	Exploring the city reveals a once rich culture, carvings of six gods who forged the planes of creation through their mutual kindred spirit. Matching the Runes beneath the portals outside; NuGi, NuFi, NuWi, NuZi, NuTe, NuDin... Carvings indicating trade between realms, and of spirits from them making love, and forging new spirits through their intimacy. A vast history of many planes coming together for mutual benifit, who's details are now lost to the passage of time.

	Almost nothing here is useful beyond deepening the mysteries of the gateway, the world between worlds. Old pots and stone slabs that depict gathering spirits and harvesting them for rescources, Forging tools and clothes out of their essence. Though despite the clear decay, there is not a spec of dust, as if the rubble had been carefully placed to resemble forgotten desolation. Some buildings about the city resembling Diners, Public washrooms, and sleeping quearters. Once clearly thriving, now only an empty shell of what they were.

	You may find some basic tools laying around, Unenchanted, uninteresting weapons in one of the larger buildings. Some simple Books, and scrolls in others, that may resemble a small library. The pure simplicity revealing that everything of value had long since been removed. Only the most basic, and simple objects remain. The portals resonate to you, as they do so, you notice the cloaked figure enter them, returning shortly after with small shards the same color as the portal he entered. As if he's collecting something from them.

	Noticing in each moment he moved, you could see it clearly. As if it was within your perceptions, if only for an instant. A long cloacked figure, obscure of all features, Wearing a wide brimmed hat, and sharp metallic claws. Extracting... Shards of... Essence! From within the portals, as if he was building something. Only by entering a portal can you actually find out. Somehow, I don't think he would stop you.



	~NaGi - Eternal Stone - Green~

	~NaFi - Eternal Wind - Grey~

	~NaWi - Eternal Flame - Red~

	~NaZi - Eternal Ocean - Blue~

	~NaTe - Eternal Light - White~

	~NaDin - Eternal Shadow - Black~


