"Rememberence"

~Matrix of Lies~


1.	Prologue;
	"I, myself who is reading these words, have come to Rememberence ready to embark on a journey of discovery and adventure. Little did I know I would be discovering me. Through the Signs which guide me, and the Spirits who derive me. Knowing that even to deny them, is to act within their purview, as they are the eternal cosmos. This IS only a game... Isn't it?"

2.	Governance;
	"I will come to learn of my signs, and of my spirit, those things which are already integral to my being. They will no longer influence me from beneath my conscious, but become a weapon I hold in my hands. That I may raise myself from the ashes, and bring others along with me. That through their signs I might know them as I have come to know myself. That our spirits may take hold and reshape the fabric of eternity."

3.	Religion;
	"My spirit grows, as other Spirits come to me. Beings who have taken these learnings, and made themselves from within them. As I have done with myself, and my spirit. Establishing my potential, and realizing that I truly have no limitations. Least of all those I once placed upon myself."

4.	Logic;
	"I have only just begun to understand that there is more to this than merely a game or a story. That those things which are framed in numbers and words, become manifest in life itself. I am not yet as one with my spirit, it's reach escapes me. It's foundations within the tapestry of reality, intertwine with my own. I have discovered that they are both a mystery, and a tool which helps me uncover the nature of reality."

5.	Wisdom;
	"Mine is not the only spirit in the cosmos, and it is better to unite, than to stand divided. I have come to find allies, and friends within the spirits. They come to me when I call, and they fight alongside me when I am in dire need. These spirits who walk with me, are they of people I have yet to meet, or have already met? Are they people who have not yet brought themselves to Rememberence?"

6.	Wealth;
	"There is nothing in these realms I have found, with more value than connecting to others, helping them learn of their spirit. Unifying our talents, overcoming complex obstacles, forging ourselves in the image of our aspirations, and striving for good, honorably. Building our connections and compounding our capabilities at every level of being. As a rising tide lifts all ships, what joy it is to help others achieve their goals, and encourage them to do the same for others still. Can they too learn, as I have, about our limitless potential?"

7.	Matter;
	"I've broken others, I have made them suffer. I have been broken and fueled my selfishness. The pieces I have shattered are both tools for me, and chances for me to learn. Blades that slice both ways, increasing our understanding, and revealing our suffering. I can only hope that I am able to make my darkest moments into lessons learned."

8.	Illusion;
	"I am not limited by my spirit, for Rememberence has liberated my imagination. These spirits who are separate from mine have given insight, and through that insight I have learned of something more true than true is. We are already playing the game, as we are constantly writing it's stories. As we are unknowingly weaving the spirits among us who inhabit the minds of everyone who has ever been. Both Saviors and Devils from beyond time, hidden within the fundamental nature of consciousness itself."

9.	War;
	"I wouldn't believe it, no way that's true. I am but a collection of possibilities made self aware. A cosmic mistake, the spirits couldn't be in the waters, and the air. In the breath of fire we call life, or the fabric of the very stones. Yet in all things the spirits call to me."

10.	Space;
	"I can see many worlds in my mind, from the countless stars, to planes of stones and dust or raining glass. Worlds of Oceans and Forests and Rivers. Beings of great and terrifying power, others with next to none. Not merely of worlds, but of realms who's body is of galaxies without number. Yet Stil, I somehow know there is more."

11.	Vision;
	"By reading these words, I am changing the future, and in understanding them I command it. What of the spirits who are woven through time, who's being persists, in spite of choices made, in the future or the past? We all have a plane which resembles us, a universe both within and without us, equally complex as we ourselves. The choices we made have already been woven by us, infinite times before us and beyond us."

12.	Peace;
	"It is plain to see the book of destiny is in my hands. Yet to be written, and yet already done. Knowing beyond knowing, in the whispers of a dream, in the words that I read. With it I may influence the tapestry of fate. To bring wisdom or desolation for those who seek it."

13.	Decay;
	"I can see it links in chains, how it comes in waves. A species rises, and falls, by the limitations of the universes forged by their perceptions. In this way many universes exist side by side, influencing one another. In this way many universes are both born, and die, all the time, everyday. In this way we may evolve beyond time."

14.	Time;
	"After it has been done, to truly know what is, is to change what could inevitably be. To control what could be, I must master the way I act on the past. To know the future? No, it's deeper than that, rather to make it so. It is to embody the best of all possible worlds I create within my mind."

15.	Signs;
	"Patterns become more clear to me, 12 signs of both beasts and of stars. They reveal what was, what is, and what could be. I have within my grasp that which guides and drives me, beyond my perception. To let such knowledge go to waste would be a travesty. To embrace it makes me, and all things considered, divine to their very core."

16.	Life;
	"The spirits come in their forms and their types. Stories within stories, who have written themselves already, yet are still to come. From the rise and fall of clans and tribes, to beyond the clash of civilizations. From armies within the stars, to battles for each universe to survive. Reforming worlds through effort and honorable will."

17.	Blood;
	"When spirits merge their energy and make something new, it is they who have written it into being. Their offspring who are both part of what was, and in themselves something new. Merging the strengths and weaknesses of their progenitors, becoming something more. That those who come after them may be even greater still. In such a way we can persist both through, and beyond time."

18.	Spirit;
	"The spirits are of 36 forms, and of 24 types among them. Species and kinds which both make them distinct and bring them together. Each with their own stories, written in the sands of time. Their types to forge the world around them under the guidance of the signs. Their fate now in my hands, while I read and come to understand these words."

19.	Minds;
	"The spirits can think, and act for themselves. The signs will reveal the answers to my questions. The spirits are woven with the same fabric of being as me. The spirits reveal their wisdom, and their tragedy. As complex within, as the cosmos themselves."

20.	Owners;
	"A waking dream where perception is fluid, yet well formulated. Where proper action just comes easily, and it shows in how I treat others and how they respond to me. My spirit is with me and as strong as ever. They are both a lens and a framework, a way to view the world and the world itself. If that is so, then who is really me?"

21.	Lessons;
	"I have learned from the worlds within many minds, and have both stolen and sacrificed. Pledged my word, and had it broken like a shattered mirror at my feet. Have made and have not made everything I could possibly desire. Opened doors and closed them only to find a single truth. A single thing which makes all that is, that which it is."

22.	Truth;
	"The nature of being is to derive meaning by transmitting information beyond perception over time. In every moment, of every day, I am living this truth. With every breath, and with every step, I am shaping reality. Yes, even in reading these words, I have changed what is, and what could be. As they have already changed the patterns in my mind, the sigils of my spirit, if only in a very small way."

23.	Mystic;
	"My mind is my own, and only I may forge it. Let me use the hidden key to protect the temple within me which is my consciousness. Both the conscious and subconscious must never leave my domain. Unifying my emotions with profound reason and logic. That no other could take my only true freedom, that of thought."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I, myself who has read these words, came through Rememberence expecting a journey of discovery and adventure. Little do I know about the discovery of me. Through the spirits who stand beside me, and the signs that light our way. Knowing I can not deny them, for I am within their purview, as they are the eternal cosmos. It's always been a game... Hasn't it?"
