"Chapter One"

~Children of the Storm~


1.	Prologue;
	"Buried beneath the desert, on a long-forgotten world, I learned to fend for myself. The small mining town I was raised in barely had anything going for it. Little more than a few edible roots, and the local animals barely fetched a meal. I am Avian, Guardian of Avalon, and it is no mistake that you are here, nor that you are reading my words. It is only a matter of fate after all."

2.	Governance;
	"I was abandoned at a young age, scavenging through the remnants of a life I barely ever knew. I was physically small among my peers, many of whom still had their parents. Picked on, pushed around, and had more than my fair share of fights. Fending for myself under the harsh sun, even stealing sometimes, I did what I had to, doesn't make it right. The market stalls in town were my prime target."

3.	Religion;
	"The dust and sand scathing in the heat, whipped about by the wind. Entering the square, I was stopped by a group of kids who had their eyes on me for some time. Around five or six of them, blocking the road. We argued, and bickered, until one of them hit me from behind. In that moment whatever had been sleeping in me was unleashed."

4.	Logic;
	"I had a choice, I could have run, I should have run. In a split second, the young bird behind me was cut in half by a sudden violent wind. I didn't have time to stop it, as quickly as my vision blurred, something snapped, and he was bleeding into the sand. Intestines leaking from his severed torso, trying to scream, throat too full of blood to whisper. The others, simply frozen in shock as he crawled along, reaching, dragging his entrails, until he exhaled a final desperate squeak, his eyes glossed over, and his outstretched hand fell to the ground."

5.	Wisdom;
	"I killed him, and just watched him struggle for breath, every moment burned into the back of my mind. I was in shock, my ears still ringing, one of the others rushed me, and then another, and another. They shouldn't have done it, blinded by rage, they should have just left me alone. One after the other, by some unknowable reflex, they were torn to pieces. Blood raining from their severed limbs, painting the sands a deep red, quenching its insatiable thirst."

6.	Wealth;
	"I collapsed to the ground, face soaked with tears, clothes soaked with blood. The bodies of my attackers scattered around me in a gelatinous mess of flesh, bone and sand. Tearing at the very fiber of my being, the horrific realization that I was a monster, that I was a killer. Shattered by the loss of my parents, the ruthlessness of my peers, I had taken that last step, I had crossed that line. I didn't move, I didn't make a sound, it was as though all I could do was sit there shaking, frozen in terror."

7.	Matter;
	"It all happened so fast, the wind and sand roaring through the buildings, when the authorities finally arrived, they had no way of knowing what happened. I was taken into custody, cleaned up, and interrogated. I couldn't say a word, staring past the world in a daze. With little else they could do, and no family to return me to, I was sent to an orphanage. Where I followed their routines in silence, hollow and alone, unable to escape the memories."

8.	Illusion;
	"Wandering through the dream of forced labor, and watching the other orphans sold to the wealthiest buyers, if only to flee from the nightmares that plagued my sleep. Day after day, barely more than an empty shell. Coming back from that was little more than a distant prayer. Through the blistering palms, and ragged clothes, I carried on. I even started making friends among my fellow orphans."

9.	War;
	"I became very close with one of the girls who would visit me during mealtimes. We weren't supposed to go to their side of the compound, but along the back fence, there was a hole in the ground we used to crawl under. Often taking long trips into town, barely evading capture, only to return to the orphanage, who was none the wiser. Due to the harsh conditions, kids there would often die or go missing anyway. The desert beyond its walls often much, much worse, nobody seemed to care what happened to us."

10.	Space;
	"One day, she just stopped coming to the fence. I wasn't sure what happened to her, but the worst things imaginable flooded my mind. What if she was sold? What if she was killed? I had to go looking for her, I had to make sure my friend was okay."

11.	Vision;
	"Looking to staff, administrators, teachers, it was fruitless. They would punish us for speaking out of line anyway, let alone asking serious questions like this. I had been using my abilities in secret, escaping authorities, stealing from the cafeteria. I only had one chance to find her, I broke into the administrator's office, and began looking for any kind of records that mentioned her. I really wish I hadn't gone looking, I wasn't prepared for what I found."

12.	Peace;
	"'Subject "Avelin" testing results negative, deceased.' My heart sank, my lungs compressed, and I screamed from the pit of my soul. No, no, no, What kind of testing, these bastards killed her! My rage broke free of my control like a tornado of anguish and the room began to spin violently. Books and accolades being ripped from the walls, shelves shredded to ribbons, the desk flipped and pressed against the wall, windows shattered."

13.	Decay;
	"My outburst was heard throughout the compound. Multiple guards rushed in unprepared for when they found me, enraged, vengeful, and covered in debris. I broke into a sprint and charged the door. Like a flicker of dust, suddenly I was on the other side of them. My surprise was short lived however, as I crashed right into the chest of a very large soldier, who grasped me with lightning reflexes."

14.	Time;
	"He was too strong, with a grip of iron. The guards came over and I was injected with a clear fluid, before blacking out. I don't know if it was days or weeks, but I eventually woke up in an empty metal cell. No bed, sink, toilet, little more than a box with a hole in the floor. As my senses returned, I realized I was trapped, and began plotting my escape."

15.	Signs;
	"I waited and waited for someone to open the door. I don't know how long I went without anything to eat, starvation like an old friend, driving me. I couldn't tell the passage of time, whether it was day or night. Eventually one of the panels in the wall opened, revealing a tray of slop and a cup of odd smelling green liquid. Resigning to my circumstances, I took the tray and forced myself to consume the gruel."

16.	Life;
	"This is how it was for a long time, so long I wondered if there was anything else. Spending days alone with the torture of my own thoughts and emotions. Only to have poor excuses for food delivered through the wall by unknown hands. I began training my skills, trying time and again to warp like I had before, only managing to flicker in place, as if the walls prevented me from passing through. While the room was empty, it was somewhat large, which made training there surprisingly easy."

17.	Blood;
	"Is this what happened to my parents? Where they taken to some facility in uncharted space where they were treated like lab rats? I would never know, no more than I would discover what they did to Avelin. The only thing that kept me going, the only thing that kept me alive, was a thirst for justice. Someday, they would be forced to face the monsters they created."

18.	Spirit;
	"A voice came over some hidden speaker, telling me to stand in the middle of the room. It had been so long since I had heard another voice besides my own it took me off guard. I simply followed its directions, arms behind my head, facing away from the door. I heard it open, the footsteps of three or four people. No sooner than a hand touched my shoulder, I felt myself drop to the floor."

19.	Minds;
	"Before I knew what was happening, I was spun around and pinned to the back wall. I was right, there were four of them. Three large males armed with guns and ammo, ready to open fire, and a female in a long purple dress, a single hand raised at me. Her will seeping into my mind like tendrils of spite, I was powerless to stop her. As she forced me to relive every single memory I had tried so desperately to keep buried all this time."

20.	Owners;
	"She drilled into the very core of everything I was, twisting, and morphing the fabric of my being. The intrusion becoming more and more painful as I resisted and failed. Digging deeper and deeper into me, as I screamed in a voice only I could hear. Then I felt it, a surge of energy deep within me, changing me. With a sudden rush of ancient power, she dropped me to the floor, releasing her invisible hold on my body and mind, smiling."

21.	Lessons;
	"Raw power, and complete stillness. Raising to my feet, I stared the woman straight in the eyes, I wanted so long to escape and seek my revenge, but I just stood there. Like she had somehow aligned all my pieces at once, I wasn't angry, I was in complete control. Sensing my confusion, she simply laughed. 'Who are you really, Avian?'"

22.	Truth;
	"There's no way, it couldn't be. I was so blinded by rage and anger, the thirst for revenge, I had lost track of time. Here she was, Avelin, now a young adult. Gazing down at my hands, my arms, I realized how much I may have grown. It was like getting slapped in the face, suddenly realizing that the emotions I had used to fuel me, were entirely unwarranted, now being replaced by more questions than answers."

23.	Mystic;
	"What happened to her? Was this the test? Why did the documents say she was dead? My mind spinning, the shock to my system making me nauseous. Finding myself fading in and out of consciousness and vomiting on the floor."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Through her smile I could see tears at the edge of her eyes, never allowing them to fall. 'You haven't even started yet Avian, this is only the beginning.' Her voice calming me slightly, the twisting in my mind making it impossible to think, slowing blacking out. 'You've been selected to serve the Avalon Empire. This is far bigger than either of us, Avian, and you are far from ready for what is to come.'"
