"Chapter Two"

~Army of Lost Souls~


1.	Prologue;
	"Here in the chambers of the grand archives of time, there are Gateways to the inner mind. As we once touched your world, and others came, our mysterious planes became infested. As a plague that doesn't infect the body, but space and time itself. The greatest warriors, wizards, scholars, and knights. All were gathered to fight what soon became our way of life."

2.	Governance;
	"It was impossible to tell how long I was trapped in that room. The woman before me, unlike the girl I had known. Several months had passed, and I was being put through all manner of fitness tests, stress tests, psychological tests. I had no choice but to comply under the circumstances, despite my capabilities, they were prepared for things much worse than me. They sent Avelin and I on various missions, with a small squad of armed guards, and I began questioning if I could trust her, or myself."

3.	Religion;
	"A debris field orbiting a small forest world, the only moon to a much larger gas giant. Our stated mission, to capture the ruling family of the planet, and bring them in alive. The pretense of our visit was to retrieve information regarding treason against the Avalon Empire. We were really there to find an unidentified enemy, who is said to have unusual qualities. A being, or beings, from another plane, who our unit was selected to exterminate."

4.	Logic;
	"We entered their capitol city as diplomats. Wearing official looking attire, doing our most diligent to maintain the facade. They welcomed us in, and granted us council easily. They seemed to trust the Empire implicitly, but just as easily they may have been leading us to a trap. We entered a long, massive royal hall, with grand columns and arches, lit by innumerable green flames floating overhead."

5.	Wisdom;
	"The royal family was sitting at the back of the room. Their table raised on a platform, like a grand stage above the rest that lined the hall. The guards ushered us down the middle toward them, we had already been disarmed. Scanning the room as we walked, I noticed dark passages around the top of the hall, and several doors near the floor. Guards scattered here and there in the shadows, an attack would be suicide, but we had to complete the mission."

6.	Wealth;
	"We intended to take the royal family alive, one way or another. Negotiations began, insisting they were in danger, and had to evacuate. A force beyond anyone's control was detected in the area. We claimed the Empire would deal with it, as long as the royal family would surrender themselves temporarily. A clear power play we knew wouldn't go over well."

7.	Matter;
	"Several of the guards seemed very nervous. The king and queen stoic and calm, their children doing as kids do. The anomaly was with us in the room, but who or where, we couldn't tell. The king insisted that he couldn't leave his people, no matter the danger, as they would think him a coward. The Queen nodding in agreement, both seeming quite relaxed, which wasn't our expectation."

8.	Illusion;
	"We pressured further, insisting that the danger would not only put them, but their people, at risk and that it was targeting them currently. The King unswayed simply folding his arms, as one of the guards bolted for the door. In a blink, and a small burst of wind, I was right in front of him, 'Going somewhere?' The shock in his eyes, as his face twisted into a grin, swinging his blade at me, as several of the other guards moved on the royal family. Our escorts surged to intercept them, the fight was on, and there were mere seconds to act."

9.	War;
	"Taking a single step back, and placing a hand on my attacker's chest, he was shredded to ribbons by the air around him. Avelin was helping the Queen move the children out a door behind the royal table. The guards clashing with our escorts began to shift and change, taking on more and more aspects of our soldiers. The king unleashing surprisingly lethal attacks with his sword, while I advanced to cover him. Our troops fell one at a time, some of our enemies fell as well, but their numbers were simply too great."

10.	Space;
	"'We have to go your highness, NOW!' I shouted as we stood back to back, fending off the assault. Avelin shouting for me by the door, we had to move. Grabbing the king's arm, I warped him to the hallway, as Avelin shut and sealed the door behind us. The King was resisting, but we made our way down the hall, to an escape shuttle beneath the palace. Which we would use to reach our ship in orbit, and move to phase two."

11.	Vision;
	"'I can't believe it! my own soldiers!' the King groaned, insisting that he couldn't leave his people. Chaos would be breaking out on the surface eventually, as those creatures would surely move to take control of the government in the absence of the royal family. 'We have to eliminate the threat' Avelin insisted, the King protested, I suggested Avalon forces were inbound to deal with it. 'I'm returning to the surface' he persisted. Before anyone could react, Avelin directed the ship's cannon to the surface, and opened fire."

12.	Peace;
	"The King fell to his knees, I was in shock, watching helplessly as the ring of fire spread across the planet. Vaporizing the atmosphere, and incinerating all life on the ground. I was furious, as the king broke into tears. 'Mission Complete' Avelin stated flat and cold. 'You're our prisoner now your highness' she declared, pulling him by his arm to the containment area in the belly of the ship. We argued for hours on hours that night, I wanted to kill her, but she didn't seem to feel anything at all."

13.	Decay;
	"I couldn't make any sense of her actions, why would she kill all those people? We took the royal family into custody, and when we issued our report, it was to be classified, our entire mission to be kept secret. I had to show people the truth, but the Empire would simply label me a traitor, and have me put to death as an example. In the debriefing, we were informed that the whole planet had been infested, and that it was to be destroyed. What we knew was that they came from another plane through the gateway, and would kill then impersonate high ranking officials seizing power over many worlds."

14.	Time;
	"World after world, the threat was great, I saw them in action. Imitating their enemy's traits, copying their skills. That doesn't excuse the elimination of millions of conscious lifeforms, this was genocide for the sake of containment, and it was wrong. We followed the orders of the Empire, but I had already started making moves to break their control, there had to be a better way. Avelin wouldn't hear it, she hated the idea of betraying Avalon."

15.	Signs;
	"I insisted that the Empire wasn't Avalon, that it was instead the people, the lives lived, that made Avalon. Not the greedy, power hungry ruling class. Even though Avelin wouldn't listen, others did, and we started building a coalition. We kept everything underground for several years, it was imperative we avoided detection or it was certain death. If we couldn't stop the monsters that were invading our worlds, it would be death either way."

16.	Life;
	"The Empire was drafting anyone they could, and putting them to task in this process of over reaction. Our numbers grew, as we would take steps ahead of the Empire to prepare the residents. To fight these invaders, and help citizens evacuate. Some of our forces composed of beings from other planes who chose to help us protect the people of Avalon. Which made it much easier to conceal our communication networks."

17.	Blood;
	"I played the role, working along side Avelin, always challenging her devotion to the Empire, but completing the missions none the less. She knew, she had to know, she just couldn't bring herself to break free. Despite our best efforts, there were always people left behind, people who would stay, who would resist. Many worlds offered to help eliminate the threat, and aid the Empire, to no avail. The Empire insisting they could not know who was infested, and who was not."

18.	Spirit;
	"They knew, we all knew. This was how the Empire was quelling dissidents. Using the unique qualities of invading forces as an excuse to eradicate anyone they chose. It was a war on two fronts, on one hand, the Empire, on the other, murderous creatures from another plane. There had to be a better way, and we intended to seize the Empire to get it done."

19.	Minds;
	"As our forces grew underground, we built centers for those who's homes were destroyed. A vast network of outer worlds, and hidden ships, pocket worlds between worlds. We had to act quickly, or we would surely be discovered. Avelin would always take actions into her own hands, seizing on any chance to complete the mission. Our networks always acting to prevent total desolation of whole civilizations."

20.	Owners;
	"Did she know her actions would only serve to undermine the Empire? Each world or city destroyed, making new armies enrage, willing to stand against their tyranny. Willing to band together, and face corruption. Still, it was now my duty to protect as many innocent lives as I could. Even as I tried to free her from the unrelenting grip the Empire had on her very soul."

21.	Lessons;
	"It was not the eradication of the people that drove the Empire, but surely something more sinister. The worlds of Avalon must have fallen to some higher force. Those who ruled, surely had become the very things they sent us to destroy. One of our many informants came to me, on a distant world, in a rare time of reprieve, they had found proof that the Emperor had become something, else. We had only a short time to act, but it was vital we would prepare our forces, and that the peoples of Avalon would stand with us."

22.	Truth;
	"Not merely the Emperor himself, but the many warships of Avalon, and innumerable worlds, had fallen in silence. As we were forced to destroy many lives, they were gathering their own corrupt forces. As we built our underground coalition, so too did they operate in shadows. A war forged in darkness, that few would ever see. Now we were tasked with unveiling the truth to Avalon, and her people."

23.	Mystic;
	"Travelers from other worlds, would aid us. Allies to fight along side us, acting as our emissaries among the people. Those who aid us in battling corruption among the internal forces of the Avalon Empire. Some Avious themselves, other of many races and with many gifts. Though our forces were minute compared to the might of the Empire, we had very little time to make our move before  Avalon would be lost forever."

24.	Epilogue;
	"We had come so far, in such a short time. Little more than 5 years. As we were ready to enact our rebellion, Avelin and I had been tasked with another mission, to slay the Emperor himself. On the very same day our forces were to infiltrate his palace, at the very same time. Surely they knew, surely this was a trap, but it was already far too late."
