"Chapter Three"

~Emperor of Sorrows~


1.	Prologue;
	"Not all who came from your world were so wicked however. Opting to join our struggle against these twisted reflections. The forces of Avalon were rapidly stretched tight like a bow string, ready to snap. We did everything we could, and it took everything we had, if only to survive. I knew the day would come, where our worlds would be reconnected once again."

2.	Governance;
	"It was unlike any other operation we had been tasked with. We were to take on the role of the Emperor's elite guard, and escort him to the capitol's high palace, where we were to kill him without detection. I knew of his arrival at the capitol, and the long journey to the palace, it was the reason we chose this day to strike. While Avelin and I were to escort him, the rebellion was to invade the cities. Had the Empire somehow gotten word of my intentions, would they attempt to paint me as a traitor?"

3.	Religion;
	"We arrived in the landing bay where the Emperor's ship would dock. Surrounded by thousands of guards in their most impressive equipment. Truly a sight to behold, terrifying to the core considering our goals. Avelin seemed unshaken as usual, standing up straight in her dress armor next to me. I couldn't help thinking about how we were at the orphanage, all those years ago, and how dramatically things had changed since then."

4.	Logic;
	"As the horns and drums rose, followed by thundering applause of many spectators and soldiers, the Emperor's ship came into view. A vast golden vessel, with ornate decorations, mounted with massive cannons. Descending from the sky as its engines lowered it to the platform, and the landing gear deployed like the talons of a massive bird. The loading ramp was deployed, and greeted by hooting and hollering, there stood the Emperor. He was dressed in a royal maroon cloak lined with gold trim, as the ship's guards filled the ramp, and we moved forward to greet him."

5.	Wisdom;
	"Approaching him with the knowledge of his impending demise, filled me with such dread. With this many guards, and the observant crowd loyal to him, Avelin cold and unshaken, I felt so alone. 'You are not my usual guard,' he spoke in a firm yet comforting voice. 'Did they get the day off or something?' He chuckled, he chuckled? Was this really the being who had replaced the Emperor, or was that all a lie as well?"

6.	Wealth;
	"It was as if something in me was about to break, as if my heart was keen to leap out of my chest. 'Don't worry Son,' He spoke again, 'These kind of escort missions usually go without a hitch,' Though I knew better, his words seemed somewhat soothing. Placing his hand on my shoulder he calmly whispered, 'Follow my lead and you'll do just fine,' He didn't seem to know who I was, or the nature of our missions, or of the rebellion, was this truly the Emperor?"

7.	Matter;
	"The Trip to the palace would take hours, while he would be raised on a golden chariot that walked the ground autonomously, we would march ahead of it. This was one of the few times the people of Avalon would see him. As he traveled between his ship, the many palaces, and strongholds. The rebellion was to begin their attack at the highest hour,  midway to the palace, cutting off both our progress, and retreat. I anticipated it with every step, with every breath, as Avelin walked beside me, on high alert as if she was expecting the very same events."

8.	Illusion;
	"It was unlike her to show any emotions, let alone this mild anxiety she now exhibited. We marched forward, each instant like an eternity of grueling anticipation. Until the time came, both the road before us, and behind us, was ravaged by massive explosions. Avelin and I leapt to the side of the Emperor, acting as his guard, to solidify our deliberate hoax. He merely lowered his head, and sighed 'They have finally arrived,'"

9.	War;
	"It all happened so fast, the bombardment intended to stop our motion, our defensive movement to the Emperor's side, and his immediate advance on the forward group of rebels. Dropping his cloak, and moving like a flicker of lightning, he was already on the front lines. Avelin and I were left behind on the chariot for a few seconds before we realized what happened. 'Pursue him! We can NOT lose our objective!' She shouted, clearly flustered. As Avelin bolted off with an incredible dash, I did my best to vanish into the rebels without being detected, as I switched to the tattered rags I concealed beneath my armor, it was now or never."

10.	Space;
	"Joining the ranks of my compatriots, counter the mission which had been fed to Avelin and I. Fighting back the soldiers protecting the Emperor. Avoiding her at all costs, as she tore through my rebel companions with ease, and I through the soldiers with equal expediency. The Emperor himself a devastating combatant, driving his hands through rebels like one strike of lightning after the next. Until Avelin and the Emperor both turned their attention to me, clearly a fierce rebel, to be squashed promptly."

11.	Vision;
	"My face covered, my armor now but tattered rags, they did not recognize me. Her magic slamming me as it had in my cell years ago, this time however, I was prepared. Moving like a flicker of dust, I took her arms behind her back, and tied them tightly with a portion of my clothing. My reckoning was at hand, I could now face the Emperor himself. If only He hadn't greeted me with a mighty fist before I could collect my bearings."

12.	Peace;
	"The power of the blow left me rattled to my core, every fiber of my body shaking with intense pain. He untied her, and they both advanced on me rapidly. Leaping into the air, amid the dust and debris building around us, I had to separate them. Unleashing several slices of rotating wind, like spinning disks of gas and ash, building a whirlwind around myself high above the battlefield, I had to finish this quickly. 'AVIAN!' Avelin shouted from the ground, like the piercing cry of a child I once knew, I fumbled my attack, and the Emperor was upon me."

13.	Decay;
	"Swinging down from above me like a thunderous hammer with both hands, he sent me careening into the ground. I landed with bone crushing force, flat on my back. A moment of darkness, and my senses returned, Avelin was hoisting me to my feet with a gesture of her hand, magic flooding my body, seizing control. I couldn't let her power lock, I blew her back with a sudden wind, disrupting her focus, and dropping to the ground. Again the Emperor was before me, 'You would have been fine if you just followed my lead,' his words no longer soothing, cutting deep, sharp and cruel."

14.	Time;
	"I didn't know if this would be my last breath, if this would be my final stand. With everything I had left in my badly damaged body, I unleashed a torrent of wind, slamming the Emperor into Avelin, and throwing them both back. I didn't want to hurt her, but I couldn't let this end here. Rising to my feet, unwavering in my desire to see him fall, as the cloud of battle descended over my tear soaked eyes. 'AVELIN! GET OUT OF THE WAY!' I shouted, and with everything I had, sent a blade of wind as tall as a building straight for them."

15.	Signs;
	"I couldn't believe her, I couldn't trust her, but she was my only friend. I didn't want it to end this way, I never meant to hurt her. Avelin lifted her arm, throwing the emperor away, as she moved into the blade. It was too late, I couldn't stop it, and as quickly as she cast the Emperor aside, she was cleaved in half. I was so overcome with rage, so overcome with grief, when I thought she died it was nothing compared to how I felt, knowing she died at my own hands."

16.	Life;
	"Every life is precious, even one that turned cold like hers. Despite my wounds, I rushed the Emperor, enraged, surrounded by a Falcon of raw power and twisting winds. Trading blows, each more fierce than the last. I severed his hands, then his legs. I picked him apart piece by piece, unrelenting like a tumultuous storm of anguish and pain."

17.	Blood;
	"By the end, he was begging for death, but I didn't care. The raw guilt and fury left me with only the vindictive glee of his suffering. 'He killed her' I thought to myself as I punished his last breaths. 'If not for him, she would still be alive' Echoing in my head. Until he quit breathing, begging no longer, and my heart sank, 'I killed her'"

18.	Spirit;
	"The Emperor was dead, the rebellion attack succeeded, as did the last mission Avelin and I would ever have together. I fell to my knees, wailing at the sky. Surrounded in a violent tornado of blistering winds extending well above the skyline, a manifestation of my pain and anguish. Until there was nothing left, and I collapsed from my wounds, and sheer exhaustion. Several rebels approached me as the winds died down, before my eyes closed, and I lost consciousness."

19.	Minds;
	"I do not know how long I was unconscious, nor who cared for my wounds. Somehow I survived, and awakened in an Avalon hospital. Some of the rebel leaders, the earliest members I had recruited, were standing around me as I opened my eyes for what felt like the first time. 'He's awake!' one of them bolted into the hall, the others seemed overcome with joy at seeing me somewhat alert. I was still too weak to respond, and my heart felt like it had been broken into thousands of tiny shards."

20.	Owners;
	"'We won! It's over!' one of the leaders called to me, seemingly distant, as my mind revisited the events leading up to my collapse. The anger had died down, but the grief of losing my only friend, killing my only friend, was burning through me like a river of remorse. How could I ever forgive myself? How could I keep living without her? 'Avian, did you hear me? We freed Avalon!' He pursued from next to my bed, yet so very distant."

21.	Lessons;
	"I was there for several weeks after I first woke up. Apparently the rebellion was a resounding success. When it was found the Emperor had died, most of the loyalists surrendered. What ever overwhelming power had crushed him was surely enough to end all of them too. I couldn't bring myself to say a word, like the fog I felt as I tore him to shreds had only sank into the pit of my soul."

22.	Truth;
	"When it was announced that the corruption had begun attacking various Avalon strongholds, that innocent people were dying all across our kingdom, I couldn't even bring myself to care. The very people I had fought so hard for didn't even seem to breach the wall of emptiness I felt. The rebel leaders did all they could to rehabilitate me, speaking to me often, and updating me on everything they were doing. I watched, and would even nod or shake my head from time to time. It was all I could muster as the guilt of killing Avelin only seemed to deepen."

23.	Mystic;
	"Until the day they came to me, several months later, begging for help, grown men in tears. Knowing my powers, and insisting they couldn't handle a new force that emerged from corruption. I still couldn't speak, but I had been able to move around for some time, and their desperation, their genuine plea for help could not go ignored. When I nodded in agreement to join them on the front lines, they immediately consulted the doctor, who insisted I shouldn't return to battle. That I was still too damaged mentally to be of value, and that I might even be a risk to my allies."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I stared at the doctor, and sensing my resolve, he allowed it on one condition, that I would come back to the hospital as soon as the enemy was defeated. I agreed with a deep nod, and we left post haste. I thought I had a chance to redeem myself, supporting the people I once fought to protect. When I was given the briefing about what they were up against, it was as if my voice returned for only an instant 'It can't be...' A twisted and deformed face, a beast of tremendous size, the Emperor himself, reforged through wicked magics."
