"Chapter Four"

~Silent Resolve~


1.	Prologue;
	"Some minds were open, dreaming again and again, others would never return. All served some role in Rememberence. The battles we knew would lead to the moment of our retribution against the beings who invaded our worlds. Some not so different from you, others from the many realms of Rememberence. All seeking to serve their master VoSti and bring about his grand design."

2.	Governance;
	"I couldn't believe it, I had watched him die. It was my own magic that killed him. Somehow he was reformed, as a grotesque abomination of himself. The corruption must have taken him in death, and somehow revived him in their image. I barely survived our last battle, and only because of the rage and grief that overwhelmed my senses, nullifying my pain. I was unsure if I could destroy him again, let alone in this new form, even stronger than he was before."

3.	Religion;
	"'What's wrong?' One of the leaders asked. I still couldn't speak freely, all I could do was shake my head. Seeing my distress, he walked me to my quarters. 'If you think it would be better to return to the hospital, we'll find another way,' Again I shook my head, mustering only the word, 'Emperor,' His face dropped, his fear apparent, 'It's him isn't it?'"

4.	Logic;
	"I nodded, sensing him grow stern. 'We beat him once, we'll do it again,' he said in a low solemn tone. I wasn't so sure, the pain of Avelin's death still fresh in my mind, and the rage returning, I couldn't allow them to fight this thing alone. It may be a losing battle, but I couldn't allow her death to be in vain. Even if it was by my own hands."

5.	Wisdom;
	"As we approached the planet the Emperor's corrupt form was ravaging, it was absolute destruction. Buildings and cities ablaze, as a thick thunderstorm followed his presumed location. 'It's time Avian, are you good to go?' Our drop team was rounded up, and we prepared for battle. I wasn't ready, not even a little bit."

6.	Wealth;
	"Landing on the surface outside the storm, we could see the shape of the creature in the distance. Taller than any building, and smashing the ground like a child attacking an anthill. As streaks of electricity jumped from him to various aircraft attempting to get close. I wasn't afraid, all I wanted was vengeance, he didn't deserve to return when Avelin was still dead. He couldn't be allowed to survive, as long as I was still breathing, he would fall again, this time I would make sure he doesn't come back."

7.	Matter;
	"As the squad started discussing battle tactics, my fury boiled over, and the Falcon spirit erupted around me again. I rushed into battle before they could finish deliberating, shouting after me 'GOD DAMN IT AVIAN!' The monster's back was turned, his attention on a small fleet of ground vehicles firing large shells. The moment I was in range, I focused a blade of wind across the giant's neck. Unshaken, He turned around very slowly, with a twisted grin, and a flicker of rage in his eyes."

8.	Illusion;
	"As if my emotions and the spirit around me took over, I began to move instinctively. As one bolt of lightning after another shot from the monster's eyes, and I fired back piercing disks of razor wind. I needed to find a weak spot, anywhere the monster was vulnerable. I dove low to the ground, between it's legs, attempting to inhibit it's mobility. That's when I saw her."

9.	War;
	"Avelin, not unlike the Emperor, twisted and deformed, but still roughly her normal size. Ruthlessly tearing one person apart after another, protecting the Emperor's legs, and crushing vehicles with ease. I couldn't believe it, my grief disrupting the rage long enough for her to notice me. I could only stare, as she pulled me out of the air effortlessly. Drawing me close, and in a gurgling rasp, whispering 'YOU KILLED ME'"

10.	Space;
	"I couldn't speak, all I could think was how sorry I was that my actions made her this, thing. Her once beautiful form now hideous, and twisted, as if her body were stitched back together from different parts. Her power though, it was different, as if it could no longer hold me as it once did. The Falcon wind around me remained although she held me in place. I shoved her back with a fierce kick to her collar bones."

11.	Vision;
	"I couldn't stand seeing her like this, even worse than the grief of killing her to begin with. This new monster that stood before me couldn't be allowed to corrupt what was left of my memory of her. Slashing with blasts of wind, and moving behind her, she was remarkably fast, and agile, but I always had superior combat prowess. This was different, she was furious, and making many mistakes, her cold cunning was gone, and this husk was ferocious, but careless. This was no more Avelin, than the monster above us was the Emperor."

12.	Peace;
	"Thoughts of climbing under the fence at the orphanage flooded my mind as we battled for the last time. Only knowing I couldn't allow this monster to survive. Remembering how we would steal from the cafeteria, and sneak into town. How we would get chased by authorities only to return that night. This monster, and the cold soldier she had become, would never take that away from me, would never erase that from my heart."

13.	Decay;
	"My power only grew as my mind flooded with the best of our times together. Tears flooding my eyes, I would free her from this torment, I wouldn't let her soul continue to suffer. Warping behind the monster she had become, I fired a single spinning blade at her back, severing her torso from her waist before she could respond. I never knew it before, but I truly loved her, catching her torso in my arms, I spoke to her. 'I'm sorry Avelin, I'm sorry I couldn't protect you, I'm sorry I couldn't save you, I'm sorry I killed you, twice,'"

14.	Time;
	"As the last bit of life faded from her eyes, she smiled at me, 'I know,' her last breath as her eyes glossed over. 'I love you,' I whispered, as I turned my attention back to the Emperor. 'Alright you bastard,' my voice had returned, my heart no longer filled with grief, but with righteous fury. 'Let's end this, once and for all!' Casting wind from every side like a vortex of razor blades, aiming to shred the monster's feet and legs. Somehow breaching his skin, and tearing his feet apart, I moved up each leg, bouncing back and fourth aiming for any weak point I could find."

15.	Signs;
	"The monster stumbling, but not losing its balance, beginning to swing at me through thunderous roars of pain and rage. I raised the wind like a blade in my hands, slashing from side to side, evading his hands, while cutting tendons, and arteries. Advancing along his torso, The Falcon spirit raging inside me, ferocious yet calm. Each slice leading me one step closer to my inevitable victory. 'AVIAN! WE GOT YOU!' My team had finally caught up with me, using their own range of unique specialties to help take down this behemoth."

16.	Life;
	"'ATTACK HIS LEGS!!!' I shouted, much to their surprise, as they immediately went to work tearing him down to size. Following the wounds I had inflicted to find the weaknesses in his flesh, as I advanced on his face yet again. Evading his hands as he tried to snatch me out of the air with surprising speed. I knew now what I had to do, despite the risk of electric shock, I had to go inside his eye. I would have to penetrate the socket and turn his brain into stir fry."

17.	Blood;
	"Dodging again and again, as he fired lightning at me through the air, and attempted to grab me, I finally saw my opening. I dove into him as quickly as I could. The roar that escaped his chest rattled my bones, but I would have to go deep. His head was easily the size of a large building, and I would have to make mincemeat out of the stem. His roars of pain drowning out my thoughts as I sped deeply as I could, blinded by the blood in my eyes, until I finally hit the back of his skull, he began to fall and I unleashed my wind like a blender of righteous indignation."

18.	Spirit;
	"feeling my environment fall away, as his momentum slammed my back into the front of his skull through the viscus paste his brain matter had become. Pinned by the force of his collapse and attempting to pull myself up from the wall. The sound of grinding rippled through his bones, as it gradually became harder and harder to hold my breath. Rolling as quickly as I could, I eventually got to the edge of his eye socket, at the same time his head hit the ground. The shock of the impact sending me sloshing rapidly back to the other side of his massive cranium and knocking me unconscious on impact."

19.	Minds;
	"I awakened back at the Avalon Hospital. My comrades in arms again standing next to my bed as I opened my eyes. 'Avian, Are you alright?' one of them asked. 'This time, I think I'll be ok,' I responded, much to his shock. 'Looks like you're the one at a loss for words this time,' I laughed a little bit."

20.	Owners;
	"After we brought down the returning Emperor, we had taken months to stabilize and restore as many worlds as we could. I began investigating the nature of corruption, trying to find out how Avelin and him had been brought back to life, if they really had at all. They appeared to retain all their memories, although they were no longer themselves. It had to be something to do with how they were brought back, and I fully intended to find out. One way or another, the person behind this would be punished."

21.	Lessons;
	"There were rumors and whispers of a Cloaked being seen in the furthest reaches of Avalon. Some called him the 'Cloaked One' others would use the language of magic and called him VoSti. Somehow, he was behind corruption, manipulating it, and spreading it. Nobody seemed to have any information beyond that. Despite my best efforts, and no matter who I asked, it was as if he were a ghost."

22.	Truth;
	"We fought for several years without a particular system of government. Focused more on surviving the monsters that would arise in the twisted images of those fallen. Doing everything we could to destroy them and fight them off wherever we could. Though my heart was still heavy with the loss of Avelin, I knew now that she was suffering inside. That the cold shell she adopted was her only way to block out the pain."

23.	Mystic;
	"It was the way that twisted monster fought, how it would strike without particular purpose to crush anything in a general direction. As if it were driven by emotions, lashing out at anything that got in its way. The torment she must have felt while alive was made obvious by its actions. More than anything she wanted to die, but couldn't fall to her enemies, nor by her own hand, and so, as if by fate, it was me. Both in how she threw the Emperor to the side, when we were sent to kill him, knowing she would die instead, and how the monster didn't even try to turn around before she died once more."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I know now that the girl I knew as a child, who would sneak to the fence to meet me at the orphanage, was still inside the callous warrior I had spent years fighting alongside. That she was crying out in pain every time she would destroy innocent lives to finish the mission as quickly as possible. That she was in anguish every time we would argue about overturning the empire. That she probably knew about the ambush the day she died, and that I would probably be the one to end her life. I will never forget the girl I loved, nor forgive the monster VoSti, that forced her soul into the twisted husk she became."
