"Chapter Five"

~Twisting Roads~


1.	Prologue;
	"We all live for something don't we? In a world of conflict, there is only war, and that is no life worth living. Those who seek power may find it, but who is in control, them, or the power itself? What do you seek traveler, what drives you to keep moving forward? Can you hold it in your hands, or does it float away, like a raft at sea?"

2.	Governance;
	"I spent the next few years hunting for the Cloaked figure. Searching distant worlds where there had been whispers, to no avail. I began to discover rumors of the ability to 'Diffuse' and 'Infuse' a mysterious energy called 'Essence' which seemed to permeate all things. Was this how he took Avelin, and contorted her into that monster? It was the only lead I had, so there was no choice but to investigate further."

3.	Religion;
	"There were many ways to reshape the world, in Avalon we would carve, cut, and melt things into new forms. This process of diffusion and infusion was different somehow, more akin to the magical practices of our mages. As they would reforge the energies of space and time to create new and unique spells. Alas even they had no understanding of the nature of this Essence outside of old texts which only mentioned it peripherally. An elusive part of the nature of being, all around us, and yet nowhere to be found."

4.	Logic;
	"I gathered some of the most skilled engineers, smithy, and mages I could find. We set to work immediately to uncover the mystery of this elusive substance. Our initial attempts were completely in vain, barely usable metals, and spells with devastating recoil. We thought we had tried everything we could, frustration overcoming us, as our efforts seemed to be fruitless. Striking one failed project in my restlessness, it dawned on me as the material emanated a fine colorless mist."

5.	Wisdom;
	"That must be it! The fabric of the material, what is left behind once it's destroyed. The foundational force of being itself. If only we could find a way to concentrate it, maybe we could uncover the secret of Essence, and finally track down VoSti. How do you collect something without form, without shape, but ever present?"

6.	Wealth;
	"After months of trial and error, we managed a few rough shards that contained fragmented energies. Some that would carry the Essence of Attack, others that held Wisdom and Virtue. Nothing we managed even approximated a whole being, they barely amounted to inclinations and poorly formed ideals. I began to wonder if this was right, whether or not we should unleash this technology on the planes of Avalon. What would happen if this fell into the wrong hands, or worse still, what if it already had?"

7.	Matter;
	"As we progressed further, we were able to manage basic materials. Like metals and stone, but never before seen, new and unusual substances. Still, we had to continue onward, as this was just the beginning of unlocking the mystery. Experiment after experiment, we never managed to bring any of our creations to life. So, we progressed to the magical energies forged by our mages as well."

8.	Illusion;
	"These Materia not unlike the materials we had forged. New forces, with strange and unusual qualities. How would this unravel the secret of the horrors Avelin's spirit must have endured? It was only a matter of time until we discovered what was needed to forge entirely new beings. That we had to tamper with the tapestry of fate and reforge the signs themselves."

9.	War;
	"It was no laughing matter, dealing with the hands of fate. Perhaps that's why this knowledge was buried for so long. When we finally managed to achieve our goals, the first beings we created lashed out like wild animals. We did not have the good sense to make them weak, we only wished to succeed, so we poured as much refined essence into them as we could manage. That was our greatest mistake."

10.	Space;
	"When we forged our first sign, and infused it with material, and Materia, the explosion of power was too great. Our containment procedures failed, and the laboratory was destroyed. Several of the researchers died, but I was able to move most of them to safety. When we saw the towering amalgamation of razor-sharp bones, and wicked winds, we knew why this had been kept secret. Why it was not meant for those within these planes to know it's reach."

11.	Vision;
	"This was indeed how Avelin and the Emperor had been resurrected. How their Essence had been molded into monsters of terrifying power. Now we had done the same, creating a hideous giant of insurmountable power. I couldn't let this creature destroy all our research, I had to make sure it wouldn't take any innocent lives. Not only had we forged new materials and spells, but also powerful potions that would boost the user's power, if only temporarily."

12.	Peace;
	"As I drank a potion infused with the essence of Attack, I felt as though my blood was boiling, and my muscles were being torn over and over. In an instant, I fired a single blade of wind into the monster's head, and it was cleaved in half with a shower of blood and brain matter. I was shaken, but it had worked! I couldn't believe that Infusion held so much power, and that power could be Diffused and moved to different things. The moment the potion wore off, I felt as though my whole body weighed a million tons, and I fell unconscious."

13.	Decay;
	"I awakened to one of the researchers, a rather small mage fellow, standing over me. 'Avian! Are you alive?' He asked in desperation, patting my face firmly. 'Of course, I've been through worse,' I replied, though I knew I wouldn't be drinking any experimental potions again any time soon. The husk of our first real success lying slumped over the rubble of our laboratory, researchers trying to salvage anything they could dig out of the remaining portions of the building. We carefully restrained the husk before we began examining it, rebuilding the lab around it's resting place."

14.	Time;
	"Day after day, we took it apart piece by piece. Gradually diffusing some parts, and surgically dissecting others. The more we could learn, the better prepared we would be when we continued our experiments. Some of our team saw the dangers presented by our projects, and had asked to leave, which we only allowed on the basis of secrecy. They readily obliged citing just how dangerous this knowledge could be in the wrong hands."

15.	Signs;
	"The signs themselves are inert, merely patterns of energy that somehow bring into being the forces of nature, and their characteristics. Much like the forces and forms derived from them. We had only tapped this power once successfully, and with catastrophic results. Had our enemies forged of corruption encountered the same problem, or chosen to exploit it? We could only speculate, as we began forging weaker spirits, ones that wouldn't be so dangerous to contain."

16.	Life;
	"Before long we had hundreds of specimens. Newly forged creatures of all shapes and sizes. Some with few limbs, some with many, and others with none at all. Each test bringing us closer to the answers I was searching for, each test bringing me closer to VoSti. Even then I knew we were committing blaspheme against nature, but we had no other choice, or so it seemed at the time."

17.	Blood;
	"Months of research lead us to the point where we finally tried to bring about a new life, but unlike the others, one that could speak, one that could think for itself. As the Essence shards began to fuse together, as the child like body took form, my mind raced through my childhood. I began to question everything I knew, My parents were abducted by the empire, or so I thought. I knew we could implant memories, thoughts, feelings, anything we wanted into this being. Was I somehow forged in the same way, could that explain why I'm so different from everyone I've known?"

18.	Spirit;
	"There she was, the new child, without parents, save for the essence itself. Squinting her eyes as she gazed up at me, moving her newly forged limbs weakly. Beginning to get her bearing within the testing chamber, glancing around at the only place she's ever known. Locking eyes with myself again, she uttered a single word 'Avian' as she began vomiting uncontrollably. My heart beating through my rib cage, frozen with shock and fear, I could only watch as her internal organs began to escape her wrenching mouth while she died painfully."

19.	Minds;
	"I didn't sleep that night, nor the next. Locked in my quarters with her face burned into the back of my skull, her feint voice echoing through my mind. 'How did she know my name?' I couldn't shake the feeling that she somehow knew me. The in our efforts to create a conscious being, we had somehow given a portion of ourselves to her. Myself most of all."

20.	Owners;
	"We had given her no memories to speak of, we had encoding nothing that would provoke such a reaction. All our data suggested she would be identical to an otherwise healthy child with amnesia. We did everything right; our formula was perfect to the letter. When she spoke my name, when she regurgitated her intestines all over the chamber, it shook me like nothing else had. Even killing Avelin by mistake at least was covered by rage, now I felt only shame and guilt."

21.	Lessons;
	"It was not meant for us to tamper with the forces of nature. Surely this was why it had gone so horribly wrong. Was that our mistake, or had our calculations merely been off? Could such a thing, bringing a new being into existence, even be possible? Surely it was, or we would not be facing the onslaught of corruption we see each and every day."

22.	Truth;
	"There must be a way to bring about such beings, to keep them stable. I was too shaken, I couldn't focus. Day after day, night after sleepless night, my progress suffered. The researchers continued their work, but without my help, everything seemed to grind to a halt. They didn't make another attempt at conscious lifeforms, instead opting to perfect those which acted on instinct. Somehow, the induction of thought, and active will made them unstable, as if being aware of oneself shook the essence and destroyed the physical manifestation."

23.	Mystic;
	"I knew that we had to overcome this hurdle somehow, or all this time, these last couple years, would have been wasted. I poured over research notes, I studied every report of both success and failure. Trying my best to discover some missed piece of information that would allow us to create a stable being. One that wouldn't have to be so short lived, and end with such sudden unbearable suffering. I had to create something that would help us fight corruption, and find VoSti."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Whether it was right or not, whether or not I was wise enough at the time, I carried on. Eventually returning to the lab gradually and resuming experiments on nonliving subjects. Nonliving components, metals, stones, energy sources, anything to continue my research, without having to face another dying child of my own design. As we began making more progress, it finally hit me, the one piece I had been missing. The Essence we used to create a new life form, had to come from one that already existed before..."
