"Chapter Six"

~Beyond the Veil~


1.	Prologue;
	"We had brought them to the Gateway, we had cornered them in the world between worlds. The gods themselves by our side. Our forces clashing violently, the power of beings from beyond this plane, shaking the fabric of eternity. By the force of our battle, even the incarnation of power beyond power for it's own sake, VoSti, would by brought to his knees. Only an instant of jubilation, and all was cast into shadows, far from the Gateway, from thinking, from being itself."

2.	Governance;
	"Our research facility was on a distant world, far from the public eye, and the innocent civilians of Avalon. When we heard word from them about the arrival of a divine being called NaFi, we didn't know what to expect. Somehow this god like being knew of VoSti, and even more inspiring, they sought to bring him down. The messenger arrived on a small unmarked cargo vessel, delivering supplies from the newly formed Republic. Much had transpired in my lengthy absence from the civilization that now seemed a distant memory."

3.	Religion;
	"I couldn't be sure if we could trust this being NaFi, but it seemed as though the messenger saw them as a symbol of hope. If nothing else, it was a big step in finding the one who stole away the essence of Avelin and made her that horrible monster. A new lead that brought me one step closer to righteous vengeance. After much discussion about the coming war, and the way Avalon had changed, I insisted to the messenger, 'Take me to NaFi,' To which he readily obliged, with a stern warning 'You may find that a piece of him already sleeps within you,'"

4.	Logic;
	"'Where had this being come from?' I pondered on the long journey to the capitol. All the messenger had told me is that NaFi appeared, perhaps their origins were kept secret for the same reasons as our research. If the people of Avalon knew, it could result in chaos, or even worse, lead to an explosion of those twisted amalgamations that simply couldn't be contained. I had to find out if this being really did wish to destroy VoSti, and make sure I did everything in my power to ensure it came to pass. Only time would tell."

5.	Wisdom;
	"As we approached the capitol, the main city like a beacon on the surface of the planet, as smaller towns dotted the surface, and the sprawling wild life abounds. A far cry from the world I grew up on, desolate and barren, how different their lives must have been. A twinge of jealousy flickered through me, only to be silenced by the knowledge of my mission, and the drive to bring VoSti to justice. We began to enter a low orbit, and I felt it, like the air itself sang with the harmony of eternal winds long forgotten by Avalon. My own inner power reacting to it's presence like a chorus of infinite souls singing for freedom from the containment of flesh, NaFi was here."

6.	Wealth;
	"The closer to the planet we got, the stronger the power welling inside me grew. Like nothing I had ever felt before, it always terrified me before but this was exhilarating. Like waking from a long slumber with a fresh new take on the world at large, as if I had only feared what I would do with the power, but not the power itself. 'Do you feel that too?' I asked to pilot of the cargo ship 'That overwhelming presence?' He seemed confused, and just shook his head. Surely I wasn't the only one who could sense this presence, this surge of energy as if from the root of Avalon itself."

7.	Matter;
	"Descending to the loading bay, and leaving the vessel, I knew immediately which way to go. Before the messenger could respond, I was off. Warping as quickly as I could toward the epicenter of this power I was feeling all around me. Before I knew it I was standing in a restricted area before a massive portal to some unknown plane. I knew NaFi was just beyond this gate, and I had to proceed, with or without permission."

8.	Illusion;
	"As I passed the barrier, I was falling through time, eventually coming to an abrupt halt on the other side. Surrounded by an army of Avious, though clearly not of Avalon, within a shrine engulfed in runes denoting Air both ancient and timeless. At the center of the shrine, sat the being I could only assume was NaFi themselves, as their power radiated the whole of this place. As if by command the guards parted in a straight line, to the foot of the throne on which NaFi rested. Approaching it took far longer than I had imagined, scale in this place seemed to amount to nothing, as when I reached their feet, NaFi was taller than any building I had ever seen."

9.	War;
	"Their voice radiating as if from the depths of my own soul 'Avian, I have been expecting you,' Shaking my bones as they spoke, I merely replied meekly 'I have to destroy VoSti,' They knew, they had to know, this being, what ever they were, was unlike anything I had ever encountered before. I couldn't even fathom how such an entity could exist, let alone how I stood before them with such a repugnant thirst for vengeance. 'You and I both young fledgling, you and I both."

10.	Space;
	"In but an instant it was as if NaFi had transferred memory of the whole of the cosmos into my mind. The death and birth of countless stars and planets, worlds beyond worlds. The war with the Cloaked One, how it was more than able to hold it's own against the gods themselves, and how it would take beings from across the planes of existence to destroy it once and for all. Their plan, to corner VoSti in a plane called the Gateway, and seal it away for the rest of time, and the role Avalon had to play in that mission. We were the last line of defense beyond the gateway, to destroy any of the followers of the Cloaked One who would dare escape into other realms, namely ours."

11.	Vision;
	"'I must face him with you,' though my words seemed empty in the face of such an overwhelming threat. 'I know you are of honorable intentions, though your thirst for revenge is troublesome,' Again as though the words came from inside my own soul, shaking the fabric of my being. 'I must fight the corruption of VoSti within the gateway, at the portal to our worlds,' Knowing my resolve would not be shaken, NaFi reluctantly agreed, and sent me to prepare Avalon for the coming battle."

12.	Peace;
	"Over the next few months, we prepared our most powerful warriors and mages from across the planes of Avalon. How we would be able to face this battle was unknown, if the Cloaked one could match the gods, what chance could we have against it? All I knew was that we had to do everything we could to bolster the forces of NaFi, even if that meant knowingly progressing to our inevitable death. It was all wroth it to seal away such a terrifying monster, and bring peace to the planes of creation, to Avalon, and beyond. We were all more than willing to lay down our lives for this cause, as the number of lives saved from VoSti would be near infinite by comparison."

13.	Decay;
	"As we built our forces and trained new soldiers, gathering the best of the best, and those with the most potential, a sliver of doubt kept chewing at the back of my mind. 'What if NaFi was lying to us? What if they were helping the Cloaked One?' I couldn't be sure, but in their words I felt the same drive for justice that was within myself. A vague assurance they were indeed on our side. I could only keep preparing our forces, training new recruits, and hope it was merely my imagination."

14.	Time;
	"Our armies clashed with the forces of VoSti as they invaded from beyond our realm. As if they had known we would aid NaFi, as if they knew we were a threat. Twisting my imagination into tedious paranoia aimed at the Eternal Wind. 'Surely this was his doing, surely we were being played for fools!' Still we carried onward, amassing new soldiers, training new mages and knights."

15.	Signs;
	"We sealed our worlds, destroying any outsiders who served VoSti. Binding the portals with complex keys, and striving to build ourselves further. Each day a struggle to survive the onslaught, as surely they struggled to survive us. My mind was brought back to Avelin time and again. Did she know, how could she have known when I was kept so thoroughly in the dark?"

16.	Life;
	"It wasn't until I met NaFi that I even considered the bigger picture. Those moments where Avelin and I would fight after she destroyed whole worlds without hesitation. Now I did the same, knowing the forces of the Cloaked One could hide effortlessly among the peoples of any world. Was it right for me to turn the people of Avalon against the Empire? Had I only understood the magnitude of the situation, maybe she would still be alive."

17.	Blood;
	"If I hadn't taken my own selfish path, perhaps things would have played out differently. Would the empire have done any better? Was it my fault that the forces of Avalon were not at their peak? Questions ringing in my mind like a whirlwind of doubt and self loathing. This was my only chance at redemption, my only chance at retribution."

18.	Spirit;
	"The day finally came for the final battle against VoSti. Not merely the forces of Avalon, but of worlds without number, amassed through the portals, coming together in this time of dire need. The whole of creation at stake, the battle for our very souls had begun. Where it would lead was uncertain, but we all had our role to play in the sealing of VoSti. Only time would tell if we were successful."

19.	Minds;
	"The eternal elements clashed in the gateway. Bringing the forces of nature to heel beneath their weight as armies clashed from planes innumerable. Avalon among them waging war against the embodiment of corruption itself, VoSti. Bodies coating the barren landscape of the Gateway, blood soaked cries of horror as both enemies and allies fell. This carnage, the helpless bloodshed of countless souls locked in endless combat."

20.	Owners;
	"Was this what we raised our armies for? Merely to die in a forgotten realm, only to be soon forgotten themselves in the vastness of the cosmos? Was there any meaning in the roads we walked to reach this place and this time? Would we finally seal the monster who forced Avelin to become a horrific cumulation of pain and fear? Would my efforts to right those wrongs ultimately be in vain?"

21.	Lessons;
	"It happened like a flash in boiling oil. The Elder Gods raised their sacred artifacts, and as one voice spoke the sacred runes, all was left in darkness. The battle had stopped, the pain soaked voices of the fallen still ringing in my ears, but heard no more. For a moment, I began to rejoice, we had done it, we had defeated VoSti. In my jubilee I was unaware of my own blindness, for only a moment."

22.	Truth;
	"My senses were gone, nothing to see or smell nor touch. Surrounded in a vast unending emptiness. My joy quickly became dread as I was left alone to ponder whether we had won. Whether this was the victory we strived so long for, or if VoSti had gotten his wish after all. Had this been the end of all creation, and had it played out in part by my own hand?"

23.	Mystic;
	"Nightmares of failure, and hopelessness filled my imagination. Adrift with only my thoughts, and nothing to ground me. Worse than being locked away, worse than losing Avelin. Being forced to relive my doubts and regrets over, and over, and over again without relent. With only a single drive carrying me onward, to know if we had really beaten VoSti."

24.	Epilogue;
	"After an eternity of nothingness, a faint flicker in the distance caught my awareness. Like the dying light of a distant star. Suddenly my senses began returning me to some perspective. I traveled with the wind at my feet, the light growing larger and larger. This was my only path forward, the only way I would know. I had to reach that light, I had to discover what lie beyond it's distant embrace."
