"Book of Flara"

~Act One~

1.	Prologue;
	"Man, it was so long ago now, I can barely remember what it was like. Being an innocent child, you know? Growing up for me was pretty harsh, in the industrial district of my home world. Maybe it was the steam vents contaminated with minerals, or the pollution of the factories. It's all really foggy for me."

2.	Governance;
	"I was well into my teens before I even managed to get a position on one of the production lines. I'm smaller than other's of my kind, and with a temper to boot, they didn't want anything to do with me. That is until they had to replace some staff that were murdered under mysterious circumstances. I used my fire with ease so they had me melting down scraps and ores. I didn't want to be anywhere near that place, but it was the only way to pay for myself."

3.	Religion;
	"It was always really rough doing that job. Took everything I had to keep the heat up. I finally ditched that place for a small resturaunt in the lower east quarter, Sales district. I had the chance to experiment with all different types of foods, from all over the universe. Wish I could have stayed there, it was a very rewarding position, and not just the money!"

4.	Logic;
	"We were attacked by twitching weirdos, almost transparent. That was the first time I had to turn my abilities to battle, I had no choice, it was my home. When they came knocking, smashing things without consideration, I erupted with flames. Leaping into the lobby with the fury of the suns, I tore them to peices. I hated how much I liked using my powers for violence."

5.	Wisdom;
	"It didn't end there, several years of fighting followed that. Day in and day out, we pushed them out of our alleys, and towns. As they would populate abandond dwellings and shops, we would send extermination squads. The officials were no help, assuming they continued to turn a profit from each district's activities. We had to fend for ourselves, and started forging information networks to help us coordinate effectively."

6.	Wealth;
	"We discovered there was an ancient being at the top, NaWi, the Eternal Flame. With some plot to take down a being refered to as the Cloaked One. We were in the middle of a war that we had no part of, far out of our league. Word got around that the Flame had finally set a trap for the Cloaked One. We had no time to prepare, within the day, everything went dark."

~Act Two~

7.	Matter;
	"Even in that eternal void, my fire burns bright. As far as I could see, there was only emptyness. It was like a small shimmer of light, off in the distance, and I went for it. As fast as I could go, just thinking about that pure nothingness freaks me out. When the light broke and I saw that infernal little bitch, I'd take the void any day."

8.	Illusion;
	"She rushed me without hesitation, licking her lips like some freak. It didn't take long to realize I was facing my own reflection. Who's flame would burn brighter? Who's heart would keep beating? I couldn't tell you if I was meant to win or not."

9.	War;
	"After the battle I blacked out and woke up back at home, my little room behind the shop. Some of us came back, different, and we spent weeks sorting people out, finding who was really themselves or not. This corruption, once it got inside someone, they changed. Like angry, psychotic, versions of themselves. Eventually, we seemed to have gotten things more or less under control, but they always seemed to come back."

10.	Space;
	"Every time we got one place under control, Corruption would errupt somewhere else, with the Glitched not far behind. All I wanted was peace, to just end the fighting. We had to struggle each and every day, only to keep our heads. The districts being torn asunder by their twisted shadows. It was like fighting corrupt inversions of ourselves, and with any luck, winning."

11.	Vision;
	"We're not dumb though, we took everything we had and secured as many districts as we could. The people gathered there over time, as we took in survivors, and kept out corruption. It took a long time to sort things out and establish some form of exchange directly between districts using portals. Rather than taking dangerous paths through areas with heavy corruption. After we closed the links to the gateway, and bridged portals directly, we were finally up to snuff."

12.	Peace;
	"At this point I was leading multiple extermination forces, raiding corrupt zones. I don't like fighting, but when push comes to shove, you have to show them your claws. We found corruption bridging through other worlds to get here. Interdimensional cooperation became essential to drive them away. It seemed like a never ending battle."

~Act Three~

13.	Decay;
	"When the portals blew open, and you arrived, everything changed. The constructs of the Eternal Flame came back to life, and I can't help but think you have something to do with it. They had crashed the moment we were thrust through that endless void, why are they waking up now? We have to search for answers, and you're coming with me. You must have known you would, why else would you be here?"

14.	Time;
	"Anywhere the Flame would have spent a lot of time, temples, capital buildings, anything that indicates there might be answers there. What ever is happening to her, NaWi must be going through hell for her units to be freaking out like this. We have to keep searching, so watch your back, the armies of Flame are a force to be reckoned with. We can handle it if we work together, and keep pressing forward. NaWi must have left SOMETHING behind that will help us put an end to this, once and for all."

15.	Signs;
	"What is this crap? "Chronicle of NaWi" My ass. This pamphlet is barely a summary! It doesn't even tell me anything about her! She wasn't anything more than the avatar of some other being?"

16.	Life;
	"We're not like you, are we? You're from some distant place, and this is all just a game to you. We've lived it, day after day, we've lived it. What ever sets you apart from the rest, must be why you're here. You must know how to beat the Cloaked One, You must figure it out."

17.	Blood;
	"That's what games are for in your world, right? Follow the story, bring down the big bad guy, save the world, right? Take us to the plane of NaWi, let's restore her power. We'll do our best to tear the glitched apart along the way. Whether we're real to you or not, you can at least help us do that right?"

18.	Spirit;
	"The Labs, the towers, we've done it! NaWi has regained her senses, and we can take VoSti down! I don't know who those chronicles were about, but the Flame acts of her own will. We have everything we need to stop him. With my kin of the Ventara, NaWi's Inferno, and your help, we can finally bring him down. Real or not, we finnally have a chance to end this!"

~Act Four~

19.	Minds;
	"This isn't how I thought it would go. Even if we beat him, the Glitched remain, the corruption can't be stopped, only contained. We have to find others, who are willing to fight along side us. VoSti might be gone, but this is only the beginning. We'll rally our forces, and bring them together under a single banner."

20.	Owners;
	"There can't be a single figure head in charge, that always leads to tyranny. We have to represent our worlds as honorably as we can, we have to form a council. I have friends, friends from other worlds, I'm sure they can help us! We have to at least try to set things right. The destruction brought by the Cloaked One can't just be left the way it is."

21.	Lessons;
	"If we center our forces, with the common goal of wiping out corruption, wherever we find it, we might stand a chance. The other guardians can help us protect the shards, and bring some semblance of peace to the realms. We still have a long way to go, but I'm sure that, as a team, we can acomplish anything we set our minds to. We have to gather as many purified warriors to our cause as possible, or we won't be able to defend the shards. I get the feeling that someone like you might know where to find them.

22.	Truth;
	"No matter how you look at it, from my world or yours, it's all just a game isn't it? A game with the highest stakes possible, with life itself on the line. That's why I will never give up, just like you, I have to survive. I have to push for a better tomorrow, even if it never comes, ya know? The real reward comes from working on something, and finally seeing it pay off."

23.	Mystic;
	"None of us can tell what's going to happen in the future, the best we can hope for is to make it worthwhile. Let go of what you can afford to leave behind, and never let your passion die. The things you make today, will burn themselves into the future. Find people who want to be around you, and who you want to be around, and you'll be happy. Live your passion, choose your friends wisely, and make the most out of every moment."

24.	Epilogue;
	"You're at the end of my tail, but have only just begun. I can't tell you how many times I've pointed people to find the others, and cleanse the realms. You're the only one who can write this story for you. You're the only one who can make peace in the end. I don't expect any miracles, just try your best for me, alright?"
