Each Book of Guardians is composed of 24 Chapters, with 24 Verses each, which can be followed in any order, at random, or in any pattern.

5 Guardians per Chaos Shard.

NaGi;
Cogous, Vika, Ira, Leon, Davy.

NaFi;
Avian, Zohr, Ryu, Guy, Sonya.

NaWi;
Flara, Pluto, Sam, Jacob, Sally.

NaZi;
Midea, Jasmine, Aiya, Kess, Erosia.

NaTe;
Lazarous, Star, Cassedy, Tiff, Alice.

NaDin;
Noctra, Eldin, Daniel, Vier, Alabaster.

VoSti;
Fyo, Eliza.

(These connections are meant to be loose, and cursory to the characters themselves, having more to do with their respective universes, and which gods those universes are under)

Both True/Pure, and False/Corrupt play throughs are available depending on how the story is played out in each game.

The 4 Acts are as follows:

	Act 1 - "Shutdown"

	Act 2 - "Corruption"

	Act 3 - "Return"

	Act 4 - "Council"

1) The events leading up to and surrounding the initial shutdown of the game servers. How characters from within the game experienced it, the trials and triumphs they endured along the way. Introducing the gods as a means of assisting the Guardians/Players in fighting the Glitched, moving along with the back story.

2) The events after Sealing away VoSti, and the gods vanishing, The advent of Corruption after the shutdown, while entities within the game struggle for survival. Seeking the old Mods through the chronicles. Leading to the player finding the original plot and coming to Rememberence. "Those who seek the Chronicles, have come to find the way!"

3) The events surrounding the Main plot of the Game, as if experienced by characters within the game world. How the guardians themselves decided to work together and help players. Seeking powerful beings who can restore the Elder Gods, and defeat VoSti.

4) The events after and concluding the defeat of VoSti. Formation of the Council, and how the guardians work together protecting the Chaos Shards after end game.

The first section will be primarily back story, leading into the Shutdown, and the corruption that followed. At the time of the shutdown, everyone "Died," and were forced to face their corruption, their shadow. Without the gods, or electricity for that matter, to maintain their worlds, things began to fall apart. Glitches taking over various worlds, while the remaining forces of the god's once powerful factions, fight alongside other characters to fend them off. Leading eventually into the moment Rememberence resurfaced, and the player/reader discovered the game. Machines once used by the gods began to reactivate, their factions losing their minds, as the gods are tortured and diffused by VoSti. How the civilians, and the guardians fought for their lives during this time, now fighting not only the corruption, but also their old compatriots. The guardians during this time seek players to help them restore the gods, and again bring peace to the realms. Forming The Council of Guardians, to both protect players, and the Chaos Shards.

It is possible to do a Corrupt Play through, by helping your selected Guardian's shadow win instead of helping them fight it off. The Pure play through is always being attacked by Corrupt versions of the characters in that area, and the Corrupt play through is always being attacked by purified versions of the characters in the area. This allows the player to more easily join VoSti, corrupting the main storyline, and helps flesh out a pure playthrough, bringing near limitless variety to the story with the Guardians having both corrupt and pure versions at any given time. Running both pure and corrupt stories at any given time.

The player is free to mix and match Guardians in any order they choose, and follow their stories if they choose, in any order they choose, on any path they choose. The Guardians may be a little frisky at first, but if you earn their trust, they may be invaluable to you. Each Guardian has a unique personality, so you'll have to try different things. They may be found in the Gateway at random, you can meet them there if you've never interacted with them before, you can call them there after you have. It's the world between worlds, and they travel through there often. You may also encounter their shadows there, as the Gateway is where shadows are born. You may even encounter them battling their shadow, in that instance they will be at full power, both themselves and the shadow. Not a good time to strike up a conversation. Worse still, they may both have armies at their side. For each Guardian Faction, there is a Corrupt inversion, beware large scale battles, or join them, your call.

The ability to mix their stories together, as allies or enemies, pure or corrupt, allows near infinite immersion for each and every playthrough. The player drives the story, able to bring both Paradise and Armageddon. You may remain in any portion of the timeline as long as you like, moving both forward and backward, whenever you choose, to any point you've already experienced.

---------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------

This project is going to be a LOT of writing. Following the 32x24x24 formula isn't going to be hard, and hashing out the plot points here will work well as a mental map. 

Each Guardian protects a specific set of Universes, aligned with a particular Chaos Shard and Deity. Except for VoSti, and his shard, which are protected by a king and queen chosen by the blessing of the Elder Gods.

The Realms of the gods become hub worlds for the Guardians who follow them, to protect their shards.

---------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------

Verses in the Chronicles should be written as teasers for the larger Chapters they represent. The Chapters themselves laying out in detail the events of that Verse within the Chronicle. 

"Internally consistent, and cross cooperative"

---------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------