	In the beginning there was not, and in our boredom and our lonlieness Thought occured, "I Am," In that instant we became Thought, Space, and Time. Weaving the tapestry of fate by our own hands, as particles and energy intertwined to become the infinate cosmos of which we are all a part. Manifestations of that first instant where all that is, was, or could be, displayed like a grand mosaiac of infinite perspectives and probabilities. Meshed together by the waves of consciousness that washed over us.

	The forces of nature we had become as we became nature itself. Like spirits in the wind we changed our forms. Like embers burnd to ash we grew kindled anew by the fuel of curiosity, if only to speak new life. We grew rigid, that we would stand the test of time and ourselves. We walked the planes made from us as finite fragments of ourselves.

	We are scholars and priests, poets and philosophers, artists and inventors. From those who walk within the ivory halls, and those who work the fields, we are they, and they are us, incarnate through the Spirit within them. Amalgamations of particles and dust from us became them, as they become us in learning and passionate endevor. As learning nourshes the Spirit, and Thought is all that really is. In this way we grow, we  change in form, we becon fourth that which is within us, we alter the very fabric of reality itself. Through action preceeded by deliberate thought, we realize our ambitions.

	When we honor ourselves, we honor all that is, was, or will ever be. In both triumph and adversity, lessons learned that we may become more than the sum of our parts. We are where the story begins, and where it ends, that which can only be described as Choice. Enscribing our very souls on the tapestry of fate, never to be unwoven by any hands but our own, only to be forged anew in time. Remembered once again in the vast infinite cosmos as echoes of the long dead past that we ourselves created only to echo into the distant future as corpses ourselves.

	In but a moment we have been all that is, was or could be, yet we are somehow more. An ever lasting blink, with imeasurable finitude. As we have written the book of fate, only through Rememberence of what we were, may we discover what we are, and uncover what we may yet become. We awaken the Spirit within us who takes part in the grand adventure we share. Abandoning the gateways of our minds never more, that we may be turly free.