"Book of Cogous"

~Act One~

1.	Prologue;
	"There was great hardship in the mountains of Rhodan. As a calf growing wiser through my experiences. Little more than a wandering child in a vast realm of others of my kind. My progenitors lost to civil war, and myself but another set of tusks raised to fight in their place. It was not the future I desired, nor the future my people deserved."

2.	Governance;
	"The stones beneath my feet became wisdom, and that wisdom became weapons I wielded with profound intent. The elders of my tribe enforcing the edicts of those who came before them. Manipulating the young to conquer the insurrections of their bloodlines. I was given no choice but to hone my talents, and wage war with those I once admired. For all my life I had acted on the whims of those to whom I was tasked with obedience."

3.	Religion;
	"A simple act of kindness was more than most had come to remember. A peaceful life more than most could dream. The growing tensions boiling over as the voices of the people became a thundering roar. We had faced the desiers of tyrants long enough. The time had come for us to rise against them."

4.	Logic;
	"It had begun with small raids, stealing what was first taken from us. Feeding those who were forced to their knees, and sheltering those who acted as their own guiding light. There was not a single store, or hoard of grain which we did not seize. The people of Rhodan had begun to stand for their own selves, and would bow no longer. Like a landslide we came down upon them as a raging stampede."

5.	Wisdom;
	"One by one we crushed them, the elders who claimed divine providence. Our tribes would war no longer for the inflated bellies of malevolent shamans, and arrogant warlords. We felt victory in our grasp, like a sweet flower to blossom into profound and beautiful futures. Then they came from the void, and our enemies would seek our aid in surviving this new threat. Battle hardened through generations of war, we would not fallter, neither to tyrants, nor this new twisted enemy."

6.	Wealth;
	"Jilted forms of tusk and stone, but unlike our kin, from another plane, and another time. There was little we would not sacrifice when we were so close to claiming our freedom. Day after day, year after year, even the tyrants would stand by us for fear of losing their lives. Had we only known they were coming, had we only known how to stop them. Until a sudden surge of silence swept over Rhodan, and all was left to nothingness."

~Act Two~

7.	Matter;
	"A glimmer, like a rare gemstone shining at a distance, I had been solitary and alone for a time unknown. Drawing closer and closer, my mind coming back to me, my senses restoring. The light growing stronger and stronger like the hope of freedom we had nearly grasped. Only to find my own face on the other side, dark and barren, enraged, it attacked me without hesitation. Now I was forced to fight myself, as I had fought those tyrants before him, I did not fall then, nor would I fall now."

8.	Illusion;
	"Shaking the ground with mighty footsteps, and clashing like mountains after a fierce eruption, matching blow after blow. Raising my axe, as he raised his own, meeting my strength with something more. Bringing every drop of my will to fight an enemy unknown, and yet identicle to myself. These were not my final wishes, not my final battles, I would persevere. Our conflict ringing through the Gateway like the thunderous booms of worlds colliding, breaking the silence of this plane, to be silenced no more."

9.	War;
	"Wandering the Gateway for an eternity, I came to a stone tower. Something of it reminded me of home, of the place from which I came. Listless, exhausted, I entered it's vast gates. At it's center a portal, like an ovular tear in space itself, showing me the tribes I felt so distant from. Their strife, and malcontent, engaging corupt mirrors of themselves, disheartened, I leapt into the fracture without hesitation."

10.	Space;
	"We fought for what seemd like lifetimes, the tyrants bowed before us, and revealed their secrets. They had known, they had always known, but gave the people no warning. Not only of what they called "Glitched" but also of these corrupt animals that now plagued our worlds. They searched for a being they called "NaGi" the Eternal Stone, in hopes he would aid them, but he never came. What FOOLS!"

11.	Vision;
	"We had united the tribes of Rhodan against our common enemies, to be ruled no more. Our people strong, and hardened, would have no trouble outlasting these foes, despite their resemblance us. Tensions diminished over time, as they chose a chiefton to lead them to victory. One of the people, and raised from within them, but with no kin to bind them to a certain clan. They had chosen me."

12.	Peace;
	"It came to me for those who discovered the truth, whole planes of creation once ruled by NaGi. Rhodon could expand, as we searched for answers, and the being who refused our call. Our Stregnth would be unshaken, leading them honorably would be my highest priority. The time would come that we would uncover the origins of Glitched, and forces of creation, the Elder Gods. How and why were we sent spiraling into the emptiness between worlds, who, or what, is VoSti?"

~Act Three~

13.	Decay;
	"Taking these worlds as we ventured into the unknown was not my most wise decision. We came closer still to the forces of NaGi, but made no real progress in discovering his origins. Until the day those temples and ruins came to life, and we were once again embattled for our very survival. We knew then, the Elder Gods had awakened, and were in turmoil beyond our imagination. If the avatars of the gods had not shown such agony as they forced us out, we may never have known their pain."

14.	Time;
	"The works of the gods had withstood the tests of time, and encountered no force such as ours, but they held fast none the less. Corruption and Glitched, now them as well, but our will did not falter. There was a way, there is always a way. The tower held the key, and a particular world appeared before me. A world where NaGi himself once slept, where a Chronicle was written of his master's time above him."

15.	Signs;
	"We called them, and you came, it must have been fore destined that we meet one day. Rhodan is strong, and we do not bow to Gods, forging our own path. You must know we are meant to bring balance to these realms. With your help, we can invigorate the fallen gods, and turn their forces against VoSti. If only Heros are to join us, can we overcome overwhelming odds, and emerge victorious!"

16.	Life;
	"Some of those who arrive will not be of the highest order, fallen souls to be lifted. Others will be warriors of unmistakable skill, and honorable spirit. We must build our armies, and train new allies. Even the meak can be enlightened on new and powerful forms, we must discover the inner strength that all posses. In a world where even a mouse can slay a giant, there is no limit to our potential."

17.	Blood;
	"Connections between worlds have grown stronger. Your arrival seems to have disturbed them. A challange lies before us in protecting ourselves from increased corruption the open Gateway brings. We must press onward, restore NaGi, and destroy the Corruption before it destroys us. We must overcome the Cloaked one, and show him our resolve."

18.	Spirit;
	"You do well among the echos of time, bringing many pasts and futures together. Memories of places long forgotten, brought to Rememberence by your efforts. Do not falter friend, for we march onward to victory. VoSti may think he knows what we're made of, but he has yet to challange our integrity. We can restore the Eternal Realms, crush the Glitched, and finally live in peace."

~Act Four~

19.	Minds;
	"The corruption had not wanned, and the glitched still lurk in distant realms. NaGi's Crusher bolstering the veracity of Rhodan. We must search the Realms for others, forming a council to protect them. I would represent my people there, as I had all my life. With honor and nobility."

20.	Owners;
	"The chaos shards must never fall into the wrong hands. We made a fortress for NaGi, with our finest Heroes protecting it. Safeguarded against all who might atempt to claim it. A secluded world, in a forgotten system. Only a select few my travel there, and those who tresspass will be slaughtered. We may show mercy, but we are not naieve."

21.	Lessons;
	"Even they will not know where the shard lies within, for it's power would bring them to temptation, and risk the safety of the realms. No, for in each and every heart lies a thirst for more, a lust for greatness that can not be quenched. They would protect it from afar, laying any who approach without warrant to waste. As they would know the ambition that leads one to seek the shards, they would extinguish it promptly. Sworn to humility by the honor of ensuring peace between realms."

22.	Truth;
	"Our strength is unknown until the very moment we find it. If we never even atempt to establish peace, then it will never come. Our struggle has made the realms stronger, but we still have much further to go. Standing together, there is no limit to the heights we can reach. Step by step, we all make progress within ourselves, for better or ill."

23.	Mystic;
	"This has been but a single stepping stone on your journey into Rememberence. My kin, and my friends beyond realms, have much to teach you. I may not hold the key to your fate, only you can determine that. It is my greatest wish that you make something worthwhile, something worth holding onto. In the way only you can for you."

24.	Epilogue;
	"You now know the path I've traveled, but there are others, unwritten, intertwined within the fabric of creation. Hints at something more than the hardships we've endured. It never ends, it only ever goes deeper. We must reach the truth at the bottom. Clues as to something more than merely scripts on a page, if anyone can discover their secrets, it would be you."
