"Chapter Ten"

~Emergant Corruption~


1.	Prologue;
	"The planes of Avalon had been ravaged by this Corruption, without reprieve, without rest. Those who once fought along side us from your world had vanished, and the forces of the Elder Gods had been driven mad, as had many of our own. Our mages and scientists worked tirelessly discovering means of tracking and revealing Corruption. We withdrew into the distant reaches of Avalon, relentlessly struggling to recapture the worlds we had lost. When we discovered Corrupt Essence spins backward, we finally had a chance at fighting back."

2.	Governance;
	"After the battle with the corrupt Emperer my team had stayed behind to help rebuild this world. It was during my time at the laboratory when corruption resurrfaced here, and all known portals were destroyed. Had I known, it would have gone differently, had I not been so invested in my experiments perhaps I could have changed things. It was too late now, what few people remained on this world were reduced to scavengers, while bounty hunters came for their targets. More often than not killing indiscriminately, forcing the survivors underground."

3.	Religion;
	"I couldn't know how the Gateway distorts time, having spent an eternity wandering that blank white void. Where perception itself is distorted, and only the gods could understand it's complexities. More than 50 years had passed in Avalon since the battle with VoSti, and I was thrust into the sensless emptiness, yet I had only aged a couple years. The battle against corruption raged on during that time, and the Republic had forgotten its foundations. Half a century is quite a long time, and it seems the memory of mortals is short indeed."

4.	Logic;
	"Without returning to the Republic, there was little I could do to sway their actions. The threat of corruption ever present, shadows of those lost and resurrected by VoSti and his minions. The cold logic of simply erradicating everything where corruption arose was tactically sound, but the loss of innocent lives ammounted to indiscriminate genocide. I lived with the rebels for years while undermining the Empire, while helping our marks escape the devastation left in our wake. This time I was free of the ruling class, they thought me dead, and that was my greatest advantage."

5.	Wisdom;
	"Speaking with the village elder who once fought by my side revealed much that had transpired in my absence. How they had stayed behind to rebuild, how they thrived for nearly 20 years before mercanaries arrived under the banner of the Republic. How they fought corruption until this world was to be cleansed, deemed better to erradicate than to preserve. How they hid underground in secret waterways and caves while the surface was destroyed. How they managed to salvage the remains of several ships and merely lacked anyone with the talent to restore them."

6.	Wealth;
	"I spent months working dilligently with the Rebels beneath that ruined city. Alongside the Elder my knowledge of essence served to help synthesise metals and energy sources, restoring much of the infrastructure beneath the surface. Using ruined buildings above ground to begin constructing a vessle that I could use to confront the leaders of the Republic. I was known as a hero among the people of Avalon, the one who raised their forces and faced an insurmountable evil. Whose legacy became the excuse to hunt anyone deemed servants of VoSti, whose life had become an embelished myth at best."

7.	Matter;
	"We toiled day after day, as nightmares plagued my dreams, sleep was a mere afterthought in the Gateway, but in Avalon, fatigue would claim me from time to time. I spent many sleepless nights constructing my ship, and rebuilding underground where the people could still live in secret. By the time I was preparing to leave, manufacturing had been restored, and subterranian farms had been constructed. Tunnels and caves hand been renovated, and a vast network of chambers were interconnected. I had used the knowledge that plagued my nightmares in a vain effort to imitate life, and turned it into a tool to restore the lives of thousands of people who called this world their home."

8.	Illusion;
	"They had become much of an extended family, I cared for them deeply, these people who had accepted me into their homes, who I had helpped rebuild. When the day came for me to take my leave, many begged me to stay, others merely wept. The Elders who had formed an unofficial council to govern them understood fully my mission beyond this world. The people thought of me as a wanderer who had worked as a researcher, who had offered them a helping hand, who had helpped them rebuild. The building where my ship was hidden became the site of a farewell celebration, with drinks and meat aplenty, music and dancing."

9.	War;
	"Were it not for my mission, to engage the Republic, and warn them VoSti was alive, and that he could diffuse the Eternal Elements, I could have spent my life here. Despite the danger of being discovered as a constant threat, below the surface they had found a kind of peaceful normalcy. For the first time in my life I felt genuinely at home. Our celebration raged well into the night, many people giving me gifts, women swooning and offering to dance, as the children played in tune with the band on makeshift insturments. The whole event was a massive risk, but even the Elders saw it as a worthwhile one, reclaming their lives from the burden of fear they had suffered for so long, if only for a time."

10.	Space;
	"For the first time in an eternity, I slept deep and dreamlessly through the night. Explosions rang out from the far side of town, and we scrambled to evacuate civillians underground. Mercenaries had arrived, attacking our scavangers and scouts who were scouring for materials. Our tunnel networks were intricate, and we had trained soldiers for security, but they were unprepared for such an attack. I rushed as quickly as possible to the battlefront, where a hefty Geneshan and a black Drakian where attacking our troops."

11.	Vision;
	"'These pidgeons didn't even see us coming!' The Geneshan quipped, aiming the cannon he carried at a nearby building and unloading. 'YEAH! We'll make stir-fry out of these vultures!' the Drakian laughed like a hyeena while pouncing a guard and shreding his chest with savage claws. Erupting with furious winds I cleared the distance to them in the blink of an eye, effortlessly slamming the Drakian into a building, and pummeling the Geneshan with spinning blades of wind. They regrouped as quickly as they could manage, 'And who the hell are you?' the Geneshan spoke with indignation, 'YEAH! Who the hell are you?' echoed the Drakian. 'I am Avian of Avalon, and you picked the wrong people to fuck with,' I replied, streghtening my posture, and preparing for their counter attack."

12.	Peace;
	"Raising their cannon, the Geneshan braced themselves, as the Drakian rushed forward swinging their claws wildly at blinding speed. Dodging the flurry of swipes and responding with a sharp kick to the back of the Drakian's head, the Geneshan's cannon was glowing red hot ready to unleash a devastating explosion. The Drakian rose to their feet rapidly, right into a downward punch that burried his face several inches in the ground, while the Geneshan fired his cannon right at us both. I grabbed the Drakian, flinging him well into the sky, the Falcon surrounded me, blocking the mighty cannonball with pressurized winds as a tremendous explosion rang through the area, flinging debris into nearby buildings. 'HA! Take that you feathered freak!' Chimed the Geneshan as the dust and smoke settled around me, revealing his unconscious compatriot on my shoulder, and a wave of desolation like a fan before me, leaving the city behind me untouched."

13.	Decay;
	"The look of shock on his face was priceless, his shoulders and trunk slumpped down, as he nearly dropped his cannon. 'Who the HELL are you?' The Geneshan nearly squeaked as they began to shake. 'I already told you, I am Avian of Avalon,' repeating myself, and throwing the Drakian at him with a single hand, 'And you picked the wrong planet to fuck with,' Raising my hand, and unleashing a powerful gust of wind, focused like a sharp punch straight to their stomach, the Geneshan dropped to their knees. Approaching them carefully, I pressured, 'This world is clean, there is no corruption here, who gave you your orders?' as the Geneshan riased their head, still holding their stomach, they replied, 'You did,' before falling unconscious."

14.	Time;
	"I was shocked, I would never give such an order, to attack a world that had already been cleansed, where innocent civillians were rebuilding. According to the Elder, I was martyred, and believed to be dead, it would be impossible for the orders to have come from me. Searching the pair of attackers, and tracking their ship a few miles outside town, I needed answers. I bound the pair, and ordered some of the guards who were hiding nearby to take them back to the compound as prisoners before leaving in a flicker of dust. When I arrived at their ship the docking platform was still lowered, they must have watched us all night before attacking this morning while we slept, Cowards."

15.	Signs;
	"Entering the short range assault vehicle, I knew their base couldn't be far off, and I began tracking their flight records, logbooks, anything I could find. They had stationed on a nearby asteroid and had been scouting this world for quite some time, attacking periodically and stealing resources. These two were part of a larger group with orders to observe the planets in the system, and erradicate all sentient life with prejudice. All operations were labeled classified, nothing relating to who issued the orders, nor the Republic, covert operations start to finish. Retreiving their computers, and setting the propulsion system to self destruct, I made my way back to town as quickly as I could."

16.	Life;
	"Speaking with the Elders, and assigning extra guards to all entrances underground, sealing them with powerful Materia, I swore to eliminate the threat before returning to the capital. Exiting the tunnels, and making my way to my ship, I uploaded the contents of the computers, and began preparations for a full on assault. With the press of a button, the building that obscured my ship folded away, the engines roared to life, and I was off. Breaching the atmosphere, and setting course for the mercenaries' asteroid, I was furious, but had come a long way since the child who lost control so easily. Before long, I was within radio distance of the mercenary base, and they were hailing me."

17.	Blood;
	"'Unknown vessle, Identify yourself!' The radio blaired, as I set my scanners to repeat the callsign of the mercenary ship which now lay quite destroyed. 'Unknown vessle, callsign unaccepted, identify yourself or we will open fire!' the voice repeated again. I had built this ship, and designed it to amplify my abilities rather than installing a weapon system, for all they knew I was unnarmed. 'This is your final warning, identify!' they shouted again, I only had one shot at this. 'I am Avian of Avalon, ordering you to stand down and dock me immediately,' I finally responded to radio silence, sitting for nearly an hour before the radio sprang to life again, 'Avian of Avalon is dead,' as sevral assault vessles emerged from the asteroid in attack formation."

18.	Spirit;
	"My ship was built from scraps and modified eseseences, while these mercenaries were armed with modern Republic tech. Engaging my engines, taking evasive action, and channeling my winds through the propulsion system into a devastating series of plasma blades surging toward my attackers. Colliding with their shields, two of the five ships were disabled while the other three began launching missiles that were homing in on my engines. Flipping the ship 180 degrees, resulting in a vortex that destroyed the projectiles moments before impact. Firing another series of plasma blades, and in a flash, warping my ship to their rear flank, I unleashed the Falcon and devastating winds coalessed before me, launching a beam of fierce plasma, erradicating two of the remaining vessles. As my scanners began to ring in alarm, while I was occupied with the assault force the station had been charging it's primary weapon, and I didn't have time to evade the blast."

19.	Minds;
	"The beam tore through the rear engines of my ship, causing a fuel leak, and breaching the hull. The surge of energy igniting the control pannel in the cabin, as I pulled air away from the fires, and contained the atmosphere within the ship. I had to dock with the station, or there would never be a chance of stopping the Cloaked One. Rotating the ship, more with my skills than it's propulsion, I fired one final plasma arc into the side of the asteroid, and set a collision course. The shields dropped momentarily, seconds before my ship crashed into the station, and in a flicker of dust, I had warpped inside."

20.	Owners;
	"Standing in a cold steel walkway carved out from inside the asteroid, I took cover behind a pile of metal crates as mercenaries attempted to acess and repair the damage caused from the collision. Making my way deeper into the station, and attempting to remain hidden, I eventually reached a service pannel, pulled it off the wall, and made my way inside. Following the crawl space I crossed the main hanger where no less that fifteen ships were docked, the barraks that currently sit empty due to the commotion at the outer shell, and gradually made my way to the central life support system. Eventually dropping into the main filtration room, with metal grates covering massive fans, several service tunnels leading away from the room, and a control pannel on the wall, I set to work. Checking maps, examining the structure of the station, I found a fatal flaw in the cooling system, should it be set to divert heat to the primary generator, the meltdown would destroy the station."

21.	Lessons;
	"I had to make some manual modifications in the service tunnels, and it would take some time for the mercenaries to repair the hole in the shell left by my ship. Warping from place to place, resetting controls, and clogging certain exhaust ports, within a few minutes, I was ready to start the meltdown. Overclocking the life support system, and cranking the thermal control units, temperatures began to rise throughout the station rapidly. I only had a few minutes to reach the hanger and escape, moving with the upmost haste, I dropped from the service tunnel and began prepping one of the cargo ships to depart. The station shook violently as I engaged the engines, which roared to life and the landing gear scrapped the floor of the hanger in a flury of sparks."

22.	Truth;
	"Shreding the hanger doors with a series of sharp winds, and accelerating as fast as this ship could go. Just as I breached the hull of the station, multiple explosions rang out. One after the next the sub sections of the station were destroyed, until the primary core detonated, sending the cargo ship spiraling into space. The EMP disabling my controls, and the engines, while the sudden change in angle and velocity sent me crashing into an overhead pannel. Tears filled my eyes as my vision faded, alarms blaring, ears ringing, and I slowly lost consciousness."

23.	Mystic;
	"A child crawling through dirt and blood, dragging their intestines pleading through baited breaths and silent screams as life faded from their eyes. A soldier sweating and pleading as their skin was torn from their flesh in a flury of surgical blades of wind. Flickering lights as a feeble voice echoed my name, before the wreching and gasps for breath faded away. Avelin, twisted and deformeed, stitched togther by dark magics, holding my heart in her outstretched hand, laughing. VoSti, looming at a distance in the pale white void of the Gateway."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Waking after some time, my head was pounding, blood caked to my face, adrift in space. I didn't know how long I was out, and I was lucky there was enough air in the ship to keep me alive after the life support was knocked out by the EMP. I stood slowly, shaking off the ringing in my ears, and made my way to the hold. I needed to repair this cargo vessle as quickly as possible, and begin making my way to the capital. The people in this system should be safe for some time, I needed to know how I was sending orders I knew nothing about, I needed to confront the leaders of the Republic."
