"Chapter Eleven"

~The Red Room~


1.	Prologue;
	"It was long before the people of Avalon would again feel hope. As our forces grew, and our methods improved, we were on track to a better future. The light at the end of the tunnel had been revealed. We worked tirelessly to secure trade routs, and prepare ourselves for the long and grueling recovery ahead of us. Can we endure Corruption, or do the echos of our hearts always become the shadows we face in the mirror?"

2.	Governance;
	"Afer repairing and modifying the cargo ship to channel my powers, I began the long journey to the Avalon Capital. The hold had plenty of food to keep me going for quite some time, arms and materials the mercenaries had stolen from nearby worlds. Channeling my energy through the engines I was able to simulate a kind of warp drive, making the ship much faster than it would have been otherwise. While I mmissed the people who had made a home for me, I was no stranger to being alone. Pressing onward, day after day, I finally entered the Capital System."

3.	Religion;
	"I was shocked by what I saw, a massive space station modeled in my own likeness, a monument to the hero who toppled VoSti, and whose research led to countering corruption. The radio screeched a moment before a voice rang out, 'Mercenary Cargo Vessle, unauthorized return shipments are punishable by immediate termination,' The warning automated in a cold robotic female voice, I opened hailing channels, and set the computer to repeat my message, 'I am Avian of Avalon, requesting immediate congressional audience,' Disengaging the engines, and waiting for a manual response, surely they would be willing to speak to the hero they elevated to the status of legend. I waited for hours, repeating the message, grabbing some dehydrated meats from the hold, and some nutrient paste, surely they would respond sooner or later."

4.	Logic;
	"'Mercenary Cargo Vessle, identify yourself,' came a stern male voice just as the boredom was about to put me to sleep. 'I am Avian of Avalon, and I am requesting a congressional audience,' I replied, dropping the dried meats as I sat bolt upright. 'How stupid do you think I am? Avian has beed dead since before I was born,' the male voice responded, 'You mercs think you can just...' He was cut off mid sentence, and the sounds of a distant argument errupted. 'Avian of Avalon, approach approved for docking bay sixteen, welcome back,' A female voice eventually responded, and I began my gradual approach for bay sixteen."

5.	Wisdom;
	"It was surreal approaching the massive space station, surrounded by rings that represent my wind, and serve as docking bays, the pose sturdy with an upraised fist symbolizing victory. I had suffered for god knows how long in an empty void, and wandered even longer, only to run from VoSti when I had the chance to confront him, and protect NaFi. Being painted as this divine hero felt like meeting myself for the first time, when I knew I was a damaged man who could barely sleep at night, tortured by my regrets and failures. Slowly approaching a ring near the station's waist, there was already a very regal looking squad of armed soldiers, and an official ambassador in the docking bay. Landing carefully, and lowering the loading ramp, I exited the ship, as each of them bowed deeply as I walked by."

6.	Wealth;
	"The ambassador was a thin pale woman, her feathers shimmering in the docking lights, clearly much older than the others, but youthful for her age. 'Welcome back Avian, we've been waiting for you,' She cooed as she bowed deeply, ushering me to follow her. 'I never expected to survive, let alone return,' I told her flatly, my tattered rags and makeshift armor a stark contrast to her pristine regal attire, the procession of guards following behind us. 'You must have been a child when the battle with Vo...' I began, before she cut me off by raising her hand, 'Not here, we can discuss everything later,' Turning to me with a smile in her eyes, 'Let's get you freshened up first, shall we?' she continued as we rounded a corner to a vast heated pool covered in fragrant pedals, and lit more dimly than the halls we previously walked."

7.	Matter;
	"Several young women appeared from doors at the sides of the pool and began offering me fruits while attempting to undress me. 'No, No, thanks, I got it, Thank you, No, Thank you, Thank you,' I protested, beginning to undress myself, as the older ambassador began to disrobe as well, before wading into the fragrant pool. 'Fogive my daughters, they've been waiting for this day for so very long,' The water was warm and inviting, I couldn't even remember the last time I took a bath. 'What's the point of all this?' I inquired, sinking into the water, my body betraying me as every muscle relaxed for what seemed like the very first time. 'You are the greatest hero Avalon has ever known, you deserve the best our Republic has to offer,' She chirpped in upbeat tones as she washed herself with a bathing pail."

8.	Illusion;
	"'I'm no hero,' I mumbled, washing myself in the water as the young women continued to bring various fruits, which I turned away. The ambassador was a rather beautiful woman, her small rounded beak a feint blue. Her white feathers seemed to shimmer a silver hue as she moved, now more pronounced in the dim light and warm water. 'I've seen how people live under this Republic,' I spoke more directly, 'The tattered rags I arrived in are a testament to that,' Slowly approaching me through the water and covering my beak gently with her hand, 'Don't speak, just relax, it's okay, you're home now,' her voice trailing off as she brushed my feathers back."

9.	War;
	"As she brushed my face I began to drift in and out of sleep almost instantly, her hands running along my neck and down my chest slowly. Tracing every scar as she went along, 'You've seen your fair share of battles, haven't you?' her words like a siren's song pulling me further into her embrace, pressing her body against mine. 'Avelin!' I burst out, streghtening up suddenly, 'I can't do this,' I pleaded, 'I'm sorry, you're very beautiful,' I was basically pleading with her. 'You will do just fine,' she responded as if my outburst was meaningless, placing her hand on my chest as my body went limp. 'Just forget about everything, and relax,' her voice resonating like a songbird through the bathing hall, the sweet flowers making my head spin, as everything began to fade away."

10.	Space;
	"Falling flat on my back against a thick matress, mounting me as her feathers glint a crimson red in the light of an unknown room. Flashes of holding her arms from behind, pulling her back as she presses herself into me. My arms pinned to the bed, her body against mine as our beaks rub against each other. Her legs above her head, arched over her, crowing deeply. Falling to our backs beside one another, and sinking into darkness."

11.	Vision;
	"I awakened, startled, it was like the many nightmares I faced in the past, but deeply pleasurable in a way I had never experienced before. The images flashing through my mind, over and over again, with no knowledge of what she actually did to me. The room was dimly lit in pale blue light, a simple yet regal living quarters, 'You're awake!' She entered the room wearing a silver robe, holding a small cup, and smiling with her eyes. Bolting upright, and backing myself against the wall, stark naked, 'What the hell did you do to me?' I nearly shouted to her evident surprise. 'What do you mean darling? You should be asking yourself what you did to me,' she chimed seductively, fluttering her eyes."

12.	Peace;
	"'Does the Republic make a habbit of drugging their guests?' I inquired, taking my stance, and squaring my shoulders. 'You have nothing to fear my love,' her sing-song voicce thretening to weaken my resolve as she approached me calmly. Flickering to the other side of the room, 'Where are my clothes?' I cried sharply as the air in the room began to grow heavy with my distress. 'It's okay, you're home now,' She pressed, turning around to face me slowly, sitting gracefully in a small chair behind her, folding her legs. 'Those tattered rags are unfitting for the Hero of Avalon,' her voice soothing, yet deeply unsettling, 'You deserve better,' her eyes filled with a seductive hunger."

13.	Decay;
	"I didn't feel like an esteemed guest, I didn't feel like a hero, I felt dirty and violated, like a prisoner in my own skin. 'Where... Are... My... Clothes?' I inquired again, my voice shaking slightly between words, she raised her hands and clapped twice sharply. A young woman entered the room holding a robe matching hers, placed it on the bed, before bowing and backing out of the room. 'Everything you need can be provided for you,' she chimed, clearly enjoying my distress at some level. 'Put them on, we have an important meeting to attend,' her voice sharp yet soothing as she stood and left the room, casting a hungry glance over her shoulder as the door closed behind her."

14.	Time;
	"This was worse than being locked in an inescapable cell, worse than drifting in the void. I was shackled by the very people I had come to warn of imminent danger, the people I sought to protect. I searched every inch of the room, a simple book retelling embellished versions of my victories in battle, a small bathroom at the far end with a shower and fragrant soaps, a few chairs and a simple dining table. Resigning to my situation, I examined the robe, a fine smooth fabric with a series of ties along the front, simple pockets on the sides, with sleeves that barely reached my elbows. Almost on que, as I finished the last tie, the woman entered the room again, 'I see you're ready' she chimed as she hooked her arm under mine and led me into the hall."

15.	Signs;
	"The hall was lined with people, cheering and throwing flower pedals at us, some bowing deeply, as others simply fainted. Walking beside me she smiled with her eyes and waved pleasantly to the crowd, contrasting my rigid frame and apparent distress at the overwhelming attention. 'Relax my love. This is all for you,' She whispered to me through the cheering crowd, her grip on my arm deceptively strong as her touch seemed to force me to loosen. Rounding corner after corner and entering a large meeting room with a long ovular table surrounded by chairs, she ushered me to the head of the table, and sat beside me, insisting on holding my hand. 'You're so tense,' she chimed, rubbing my arm gently, easing my nerves, yet unsettling my spirit."

16.	Life;
	"We sat in the meeting room silently, as she stared into my eyes with that deep hunger, my mind racing considering a violent escape. I understood battle, I would rather face the Cloaked One himself than spend another moment in this regal nightmare. The doors opened, and several people in robes identicle to ours entered the room, taking seats around the table. Each appearing to represent the different colonies and worlds of Avalon, each of them staring at me like some kind of celebrity, or ghost. 'You requested an audience with us?' inquired a short, fat, black and white man, snapping my mind back to the mission, 'We are all in grave danger...'"

17.	Blood;
	"Their faces dropped as I explained the battle with VoSti, drifting endlessly, fighting my shadow, wandering endlessly, climbing the tower, and my narrow escape. 'You mean to tell us that even the gods couldn't stop him?' One of the representitive cried standing abruptly. I shook my head, 'No, they were only able to stall him, time works differently in the Gateway, so it's impossible to determine how long we have left,' I explained how I still appeared so young, when I had been gone for so long, and how VoSti was gradually diffusing the Elements to restore his powers. 'If the gods couldn't stop him, what chance do we have!?!' shouted a particularly skinny representitive with a long black beak and green and orange feathers, 'We will unite with other realms, Avalon is not alone in the cosmos, I'm sure they will stand beside us,' I replied, firm in my resolve."

18.	Spirit;
	"We deligated for hours, planning, coordinating resources from across the planes of Avalon, as they divulged me on containment areas where corruption had emerged. I insisted we change our approach, as the mercenaries were killing innocent civillians indiscriminately to quell these outbreaks. They protested, I thretened to lead VoSti straight to them, they reconsidered, and ultimately consceeded. I revealed that my research could expose corruption based on essence spin, a consept totally foreign to them, but they humored my suggestions. All the while, the ambassador who had her way with me stared up at me with both hunger and awe, now beginning to realize that there was an honorable man behind the legend she longed for so desperately."

19.	Minds;
	"When the meeting finally ended and the representitives filed out of the room, the ambassador looked up to me, still considering our strategies. 'You're not the same as the legends,' she nearly whispered, her voice still unnaturally soothing, but almost sorrowful. 'You are so much more,' she continued, standing beside me and laying her head against my shoulder. 'You can't even imagine what I've been through,' I responded, not even looking at her, my mind racing. 'I'm sorry... For what I did... I understand if you hate me...' She lifted her head turning to walk away, as I grabbed the sleeve of her robe, 'I don't hate you,' I spoke low, 'I don't remember the way to our room,' we both started laughing."

20.	Owners;
	"It was oddly comforting to have her sleeping beside me, and my heart would always belong to Avelin, but something about her put me at ease. Perhaps it was some form of magic, even knowing that, it was better than lamenting my past alone. I slept through the night, waking with her lying next to me, smiling with her eyes, 'I don't even know your name,' I whispered as we gradually stirred. Brushing my cheek, her sing-song voice whispering back, 'Lialin, my name is Lialin,' smiling with her eyes, and rolling out of bed, she did a long stretch with a squeaky yawn. I rose from the bed as well, cracking my joints and steadying my mind, before realizing that my gear was sitting on the small chair by the nightstand."

21.	Lessons;
	"'I had them bring your supplies up to the room last night after you fell asleep,' speaking as she noticed my surprise. 'I figured you'd be more comfortable if you chose your own clothes,' as she emerged from the bathroom in a simple green and brown dress. Putting my gear on, and standing to face her, 'Is there an armory on this station?' I askked, as she perked up, 'We have everything you could possibly need!' She seemed very excited at the suggestion, sliding across the room and grabbing my armm 'Come on! I'll show you around!' Before I could say anything more we were off, moving suprisingly fast through the halls, now devoid of the overwhelming admiration from the day before."

22.	Truth;
	"Perhaps she had told them how uncomfortable it made me being nearly worshiped in that way, despite her actions before, she did seem to be atempting to accomodate me. We entered a massive gymnasium, weapons of all kinds lining the walls, three verticle hoops of different heights on either side. Soldiers from various regions practicing their skills on the floor, some giving me side glances of jealousy, others admiration. 'The armory is out the back door, weights and supplies through the side door,' her voice uplifting, soothing, she seemed genuinely excited to be showing me around. We went to the armory, and picked out some simple armor in my size to replace the tattered armor I was wearing, and returned to the floor."

23.	Mystic;
	"'What do you do to work out?' she inquired as I stood at the side of the room gathering my breath, 'I've never had this much space to practice before,' I responded in earnest. 'Well?' she pressured mokingly as I gave her a wink and vanished before her eyes, warping to the very center of the room, halfway between the floor and ceiling. I pulled the air around me into a blistering sphere of razor sharp winds, as it errupted into a Falcon around me before bursting into dozens of spinning blades. The soldiers on the floor had cleared the center of the room and were in shock watching the display, As the discs began to orbit me. Bursting into another sphere of wind around me, I began attacking myself with the spinning blades, blocking and dodging them as the winds whipped and raged around me."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Dodging a blade I sent for my neck at supersonic speed, and kicking another I brought up from below, blocking another from the side. Blow for blow emulating the routine I used in that cell all those years ago, but this time with much more freedom and power than before. By the time my breath ran out, and the winds began to waver, the room had filled with spectators, many cheering, as others merely stood in awe. I didn't even notice they were there, I had lost myself to the winds, and in them was a kind of harmony I couldn't find anywhere else. Long ago I would lose control, but now, I was just tired, as I fell from the center of the room, Lialin slowed my fall with an outstretched hand, and I came to rest on the floor, breathing heavily."
