"Chapter Twelve"

~Love or Lie~


1.	Prologue;
	"As the days and months passed, we forged a new fate for ourselves. Corruption present but waning, the armies of the gods allowed to rest, the glitched becoming simple bandits and thieves. Avalon had finally begun to restore it's former glory. The Planes of Creation beginning to balance, as we thrived. Abandoning the Gateway, home of shadows, and for many years it remained closed."

2.	Governance;
	"Surrounded by spectators as I gradually rose to my feet, I didn't even realize anyone had gathered. Lialin ran up to me cheering, 'That was AMAZING!' she chimed, as she started waving the crowd away with her hands. 'Where did you learn to use magic like that?' she inquired, clearly surprised by my skill. 'It emerged when I was very young,' I responded, catching my breath and searching the faces of the few soldiers and spectators who remained, speaking in hushed whispers. 'Its as much a curse as a gift,' I responded, 'I need to see the star maps, we need to reevaluate the quarantine zones,' I pressed, refocusing on the mission."

3.	Religion;
	"'The observation bay is near the top of the station, but you're going to need clearance,' Lialin spoke while thinking for a moment. 'They should let you in without a problem, but that's above my paygrade,' Tilting my head, 'You get paid?' I responded jokingly, as we set off for the upper decks. Approaching an elevator shaft that traveled along a transparent tube, bottony decks, recreation, labs, this station really did have everything needed to sustain a population. A vibrant palace built in orbit around the Avalon Capital in rememberance of a hero they never really knew, the embelishment of a man haunted by his past. 'I don't deserve any of this,' I mumbled, 'I did what I had to do,' speaking more to myself than anything, as Lialin touched my hand, 'You became a symbol of inspiration for the people,' her voice oddly soothing."

4.	Logic;
	"'That has to mean something,' she whispered, laying her head against my shoulder. Part of me felt like she was an adoring fan of someone who didn't exist, and part of me wondered if she was intended to be my handler. Surely the records of my past still existed in a dark warehouse somewhere, and such a ploy was common in the Empire to control dangerous assets. 'Why are you so infatuated with me?' I asked as my thoughts coalessed into words, and I mustered the courage to utter them. 'I've studied you since I was very young, all your triumphs, you became a legend after the battle to save Avalon,' she nearly sang the words, eyes glossing over with nostalgia."

5.	Wisdom;
	"As the elevator came to a stop, and the doors opened to a plain white corridoor, we departed and began to make our way toward to observation deck. 'You read stories and myths, I'm not the hero you imagined,' speaking as we walked, 'You're right,' her voice lower then usual, 'You're not so different from the people who look up to you,' As we continued to walk, her arm hooked through mine, 'You've been through a lot, and deserve so much better,' she slowed our pace, 'You talk in your sleep, you know,' I never even considered it, but it made my blood run cold, shouting as visions of my past haunted my dreams, swinging wildly as my mind was ravaged by past mistakes. I can only imagine what it must be like to witness that from the outside, watching someone you care about lashing out at invisible demons they could only fight alone."

6.	Wealth;
	"'I'm sorry,' was all I could say, knowing it must have been as suprising to her as it was to me. Squeezing my hand, she didn't say a word as we continued to walk until we reached a door blocked by two very imposing guards. 'We're here to observe the quarantine maps,' Lialin adressed them, 'This is Avian and I am his ambassador,' Her speech well practiced and authoritative, now lacking the soothing undertones, replaced by a cold, deliberate imposition. The guards looking to each other, and back to us, 'I need a complete understanding of the situation to properly deliberate with Congress,' I insisted."

7.	Matter;
	"The sudden change in tone suprised me, the supernatural soothing of her voice almost instilled fear as she spoke. The guards seemed to respond to her in much the same way, speaking into shoulder mounted radio devices, before nodding to one another, parting and ushering us inside. 'That was different,' I glanced to her, 'You use magic with your voice, don't you?' fluttering her eyes and looking away. 'You finally caught on,' She responded without making eye contact, as we walked along the edge of a large, dark, dome shapped room. Reaching a control pannel on the far side of the room, and placing my hand on the scanner, everything sprang to life, the room was filled with stars, and galaxies, overlapping with other universes, far more data than I had ever imagined."

8.	Illusion;
	"Whole planets and star systems recorded in pristine detail, entire galaxies surrouned in red zones marked 'quarantine' cycling between universes, three of ten had been totally compromised. Lialin looked on in shock as I searched the records methodically, hollograms swirling through the room as I examined one region after the next as quickly as I could manage. 'I can't believe it,' she murmered, as she backed away from the console, 'I thought we had stopped all this decades ago,' no magic in her voice, only a sense of sorrow, shaking, defeated. 'Many of these zones have been contaminated since before the battle,' I spoke plainly, without slowing my analysis, 'Some have been clean since before they were labeled,' Pausing on the system I reemerged in after escaping the tower, even the desolated space station was recorded in real time, 'This one for example has thousands of civillians underground, there is no corruption here, and mercenaries act with impunity,'"

9.	War;
	"'In the name of the republic?' she muttered, half asking, half realizing the truth, 'How could anyone allow this to happen?' Her voice now weak and shaking. Turning to her, and taking her hand this time, I sopke slow and calm, 'That ruined space station wasn't destroyed by corruption, it was destroyed by me,' Lowering my head, 'I was protecting the civillians they were taking advantage of,' making eye contact with her, 'This is the reason I worked for so long to destroy the Empire. This is why I killed the Emperer,' The sadness in her eyes, the sudden realization that her perception of the Republic was merely an illusion, she whispered, 'Why?' Slumping to her knees as I lowered her slowly, crouching before her, 'They're afraid, afraid of corruption, and afraid to lose control,' I explained, the fire in my eyes unwavering, as the air around us shook with every breath I took."

10.	Space;
	"'If I'm going to live up to the legends, I have a LOT of work to do,' I insisted, atempting to inspire hope in her, as the holograms vanished and the lights blared to life, blinding us. Above us in the upper walkway stood the representitives of Avalon, as shaken and suprised as she was, 'What is the meaning of this?' one insisted, 'This chamber is off limits!' chimed another. 'You have failed our people,' I replied standing to face them, as I helpped Lialin to her feet aswell, 'This is the truth you've hidden from everyone,' I shouted back. 'We were protecting them! If they knew, the panic would destroy the whole Republic!' shouted another representitve, as I lifted myself into the air with swirling winds, approaching the upper walkway. 'The Empire believed the same thing, and once the people knew the truth, the rebellion this Republic was founded on emerged, have we fallen so far as to forget that?'

11.	Vision;
	"They all knew that many innocents suffered under their reign, and that the people were being kept in the dark, while they lived as kings and corruption spread. We were never supposed to be allowed in this chamber, were it not for Lialin, the guards would have rejected us, and I would be left only to speculate. 'Were it not for the innocent people on this station, I would tear it to ribbons,' my rage boiling, over as the pressure in the chamber grew unbearable. 'What would you have us do?' whispered one through gasping breaths, 'We have tried to quell corruption, all our efforts in vain,' insisted another who was still breathing steadily. 'This battle has been raging longer than many of us have been alive,' bowing my head, centering myself and lowering onto the upper walkway, 'Longer than any of us have been alive,' I whispered as the air returned to normal."

12.	Peace;
	"I argued with the representitives for hours, elite guards eventually arriving to seperate us, Lialin merely stood on the lower walkway, staring into the floor. We weren't arrested, merely ordered to return to our quarters, as we were escorted by armed security. As we arrived in our room, she looked to me, 'What do we do now?' her voice shaking, her hands clasped over her chest. 'We're going to rebuild the rebellion, if the Republic won't act, we have to,' I responded, unwavering, processing everything I found in the observatory. 'For now, we rest, tomorrow, I'm leaving,' my words flat and cold, knowing the path before me, 'I'm going with you,' she insisted in her usual sing-song tone, I knew it was her magic, but I didn't protest."

13.	Decay;
	"We gathered ourselves in the morning, what little I brought with me, and any additional supplies we might need, as Lialin summoned her daughters, informing them of her decision. Returning to the hanger where the cargo ship was docked only a few days before, it had been completly reconstructed, now enhanced with up to date Republic tech. The docking bay empty save for a single maintenece carew of four mopping the floor and shining the landing gear, as we approached, the fat black and white representitive emerged from within the ship. 'I was expecting you,' he spoke in a thick low voice, 'I made sure your ship was fully supplied personally,' slowly waddling away he continued, 'You've been cleared on my authority, NaFi be with you,' I glanced to Lialin, and back to the representitive as he left the hanger, 'Let's go,' I insisted as we loaded the ship with supplies we gathered, I did a quick inspection, and began the departure sequence."

14.	Time;
	"Engaging the engines and departing the station, Lialin gave a final glance back, as I set course for the world where the Emperer fell, the world I helpped rebuild, for a second time. Her company made the journey more bearable, I learned of her upbrining, how she was only a child during the battle against VoSti, and how her studies led her to become an ambassador for high class representitives. It never occured to her that she was little more than an escort for the ruling class, though her gift for persuasion was precisely why she was chosen to escort me. She showed me games she played as a child, not that different from the games I played with Avelin at the orphanage, though she was suprised to learn we were little more than street rats and test subjects. While she seemed genuinely interested in me, my past, my abilities, she never pressured me as she did the first time we met, and gave me space when I needed to ponder the course of action moving forward, uninterrupted."

15.	Signs;
	"Arriving at the system where I destroyed the mercenary space station, debris scattered through space from the explosion, the planet where I emerged from the gateway lie in the distance. Like a beacon of hope, I accelerated onward, Landing near the ruined city where the people hid underground. As the landing gear touched down several guards emerged from the rubble aiming their rifles, their makeshift armor shining in the daylight, upon deploying the loading ramp, we departed. I left the ship first, with Lialin behind me, the guards knew me instantly, 'AVIAN!' one shouted, as the others swarmed me, patting me on the back, 'Welcome back my man!' chimed another. 'Who's the broad?' askked the shortest among them, as she shot them a piercing glare, 'This is Lialin, she's with me,' I responded, making our way to the nearest tunnel entrance, passing the fan shapped crater where I defended the city."

16.	Life;
	"We were greeted with open arms, and the contrast to everything Lialin had known clearly left her uneasy, jumping at every strange sound, nearly falling as a couple children circled her. 'Avian has a girlfriend! Avian has a girlfriend!' they chanted, as others nearby merely let out a long 'OOOOOOOOOOOOOooooo!!!' laughing as they sped down the tunnels. Hooking my arm and pulling herself close to me, nervous, 'How are you so comfortable in this place?' she inquired. Smiling with my eyes and pecking her gently, 'I should have askked you the same thing,' Her eyes growing wide, as if a sudden understanding struk her, 'Different worlds,' she whispered. Traveling through the tunnels we entered the chamber of the Elders, Rebellion banners hanging from the walls, a cresant moon table pressed against the back wall seated three of the five Elders."

17.	Blood;
	"'Before they let you mingle with the population, you need to speak with my old friends' I whispered in her ear, as she approached the table. Searching her up and down, the blind eyes of my old team mate scanning her as they once did me, 'What does a sweet flower like you want with a rotten bunch of cave dwellers like us?' He inquired, appearing to look right through her, as her sing-song voice perked up, 'I'm here to aid the Hero of Avalon, in any way I can!' she sopke proudly without hesitation. Aiming his pale white eyes right at me, 'There are no heros here young lady, only warriors and orphans,' he spoke with a kind of understanding, as one who was once my junior. Glancing to me, and back to the Elders, Lialin said only three words, 'I love him,' my heart skipped, and sank, racing for a moment, as a breeze swept the chamber, before returning to normal."

18.	Spirit;
	"'Maybe you do,' the Elder spoke in that timeless voice that betrayed his age, 'Welcome to our humble village, behave yourselves, you two,' he snickered then laughed. She let out a deep sigh, I was doing my best to hide the knots in my stomach as she returned to my side. 'How'd I do?' she whispered as we left the chamber, and began walking toward my makeshift laboratory, 'You did just fine,' I nudged her with my beak. 'We need to start preparations,' I insisted as we walked the now spacious tunnels, lit by materia powered lights, watching as people were trading at stalls, and children played along the journey. The smells of various fried meats and boiled vegtables filled the tunnels, as Lialin seemed to ease up somewhat, taking in her surroundings with a newfound sense of freedom."

19.	Minds;
	"It was a whole new world for her, like a child exploring a new neighborhood, she almost seemed to have a bounce to her steps that she didn't before. Arriving at my makeshift workshop we took a short repreive after our long journey. Scattered papers and the smell of crating supplies filled the room. Sitting on the edge of my bed, I began to remove my extra armor, preparing for a well deserved rest. Lialin slid up to me slowly, sitting on my lap with her legs to either side of mine and leaning close, wrapping her arms around my neck."

20.	Owners;
	"Giving me a peck on the cheek, and pushing me to the bed, she worked her fingers along my collar, pulling her shirt over her head, bracing herself against my groin and sitting on her knees. 'This time, no tricks,' she said plainly, not a drop of magic in her voice, 'This time, I want you to choose on your own,' she went on as we began to undress one another. Tracing my scars again with her fingers, without a word, the hunger in her eyes prying into me, seeing me for who I am as if for the first time. Flipping her onto her back, and pinning her arms above her head as she let out a squeak, 'This time, I'll know exactly what I'm doing to you,' Spreading her legs as I mounted her, we were intertwined and every movement was tangible intimate bliss."

21.	Lessons;
	"A shadow looming over a distant tower, the twisted face of my own reflection grinning with wicked glee. Avelin, stitched together by dark magic, reaching for my chest. A distant world burning to ashes. My younger self under a single light in an endless darkness, before being rapidly dragged into the shadows, reaching back for me. An old soldier with a scar over his right eye, the life draining from his face as he collapsed to the floor."

22.	Truth;
	"I shot awake freezing yet boiling with anguish, breathing heavily, shaken, not entierly sure where I was. Placing her hand on my arm, Lialin's sing-song voice dripping with magic, 'It's alright, Avian, breathe,' As quickly as she touched my arm, and the words left her beak, my racing heart slowed. It was already morning when I awoke, we dressed and headed to the markets for a bite to eat as I brought her up to speed on my research. She was suprisingly studious, catching on to essence and how to forge it rapidly, heeding my warnings about atempting to simulate life. The story of the short-lived child seemed to strike her in particular, tears filling her eyes as she merely wrapped her arms around me, resting her head on my shoulder."

23.	Mystic;
	"We toiled for weeks, moving the cargo ship we arrived on to the city and hiding it in the makeshift hanger my old ship resided in. To my suprise the computers had been updated with a complte copy of all the star maps from the observation bay, complete with quarantine zones, trade routes, in the same explicit detail. We began preparing missions to nearby star systems, building teams and extra ships. In this time, I felt like my life had purpose, like it was all wothwhile. By night, our love making made even the harshest of days seem bearable."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I would never forget Avelin, I would always love her, but my relationship with Lialin was entierly different. She would soothe my nighmares when I awoke, and help me organize my thoughts when I began to relive my mistakes. I am unsure if it was her magic, or if it was merely the time we were spending together, but she seemed to complete me. All the while we toiled to resurrect the Rebellion, and began targeting corrupt zones. Fighting mercenaries and twisted horrors alike, building our forces and recruiting more worlds, clearing nearby systems one by one."
