"Chapter Seven"

~Twisted Mirrors~


1.	Prologue;
	"Unknowing of time, drifting, until a single spark ignited, distant but flickering with hope. A single glimpse of something, anything. Growing larger and larger, like a brilliant star. The light breaking like an explosion, returning me to the Gateway. Before me stood a copy of myself, gleefully twisted by the shadows of the past. Lashing out with the force of my own arm, a cyclone of torment and pain."

2.	Governance;
	"Standing in the light of the Gateway, the world between worlds, My eyes adjusted to the light. Before me stood myself, but different somehow. A twisted grin on his face, and wickedness radiating from his very being. Before I could process what I was seeing he was upon me, whispering a single line over and over again. 'I killed her, I killed her, I killed her...'"

3.	Religion;
	"Blown back by a vicious vortex of power as if cast by my own hand. Slamming into the ground over and over before my momentum came to a stop and I readied myself. He was already on top of me again, whispering that cursed line, 'I killed her, I killed her...' This time I had a chance to respond. A powerful slice of wind struck the shadow in his chest, providing me some much needed distance as they were knocked away, if only for a moment."

4.	Logic;
	"Thinking to myself, 'What is this monster?' as I leapt into action. Soaring toward my dark reflection unsure of what is to come. As this thing tugs on my past like a string pulled too tightly threatening to unravel my very being. Bringing down the force of the Falcon on its head, it dodges my attack before appearing beside me, high in the air. 'I'm the part of you that loved every second of the killing, even her, twice,' it chanted with a wicked grin."

5.	Wisdom;
	"Fury was erupting inside me like a tornado of pain and grief, before erupting around me as well. The shadow thrown like a leaf in the wind. 'I NEVER ENJOYED IT!' I screamed into the vortex. ' YOU'RE A LIAR!' I screamed again, wishing to believe it myself. Before it joined me in the Eye of the Storm, menacingly inquiring, 'Then Why Do I Exist?' as it spined in place, kicking me in the ribs."

6.	Wealth;
	"Reeling from the kick, the twisted mirror before me brought down a mighty elbow which I managed to dodge on instinct. The vortex around us growing from the forces clashing at its center. Blow for blow we exchanged fists and feathers. 'I killed her, I killed her...' he laughed maniacally, 'And YOU liked it!' Pushing myself with each breath, 'You're lying! You rat BASTARD!' was my only retort, the grief of my past fresh in my mind."

7.	Matter;
	"Spinning like a top and slamming together like a hurricane meets the shore. Our winds clashing like a symphony of wicked glee and bottomless suffering. My shadow taunting me every step of the way. As if to awaken my fury drowning in sorrows and beginning to sob as I fight back. 'You can't imagine what it was like for me!' I cried as our magics and weapons clashed, 'I lost the only thing I ever loved!'"

8.	Illusion;
	"'You never loved her, you loved the escape,' my shadow chimed back. 'You hated that she could separate herself from the job,' he was pushing my psyche, prodding for anything. I responded with a sharp kick to the side of its head, 'YOU'RE A POISON!' My heart heavy and my words shaking with grief. 'You didn't kill her, I DID YOU SON OF A BITCH!' I shouted as I spun in place while lifting my other foot and connecting with his jaw after a full rotation."

9.	War;
	"Sending my shadow flying, as it laughs and reengages me with every blow, 'What about all the children I've killed? All the helpless orphans just like me who tasted the wrath of the Empire by my hands?' Blow for blow, and word for word we engaged, 'I have always regretted those missions! It was Avelin who pulled the trigger! I tried to stop her!' I cried as our battle of magic, fists and words raged on."

10.	Space;
	"'You blame Avelin, she was your escape, and you hated her for doing what you were too much of a coward to do!' My shadow screeched through blades of savage wind. It was here I snapped, I know not what took hold, but it was like a primal urge for vengeance stealing away my sense of reason. Overshadowing my regrets, I began to lash out carelessly, 'You sick FUCK! How dare you!' My heart breaking all over again."

11.	Vision;
	"Swinging violently, and screaming, 'What do you know about what I went through!?!' As the shadow effortlessly evaded my attacks, ducking and weaving through every blow. 'I know everything about you!' The shadow replied through the onslaught. 'I remember shredding that boy with my twisted winds and hating my parents for abandoning me on that god forsaken world!' My blood boiling over, each word like a serrated needle being twisted under my skin."

12.	Peace;
	"'Being held hostage once my powers were discovered, I've lived the same life you have, but I embraced it like a gift, where you wallow in self-pity and regret!' The shadow's words digging at the corners of my being. 'How did you give up on yourself! why did you become the monsters you hate!?!' I cried back as their fist struck my ribcage, and mine connected with their beak. We both grew fatigued as the battle raged on, but neither of us would back down from this fight willingly."

13.	Decay;
	"'Monsters?' My shadow laughed as I under cut their arm with a sharp wind. 'WE ARE MONSTERS!' they shreiked as they absorbed the moumentum and their heel came down on the side of my neck. I couldn't do anything but scream as I swung back, the torrent of ravaging winds around us wavering and unstable. Both of us having taken massive damage, blood staining the vortex. I had to pull myself together, I had to win this fight."

14.	Time;
	"Screaming back with all my might, 'I'll show you a monster!' As the winds condensed into the Great Falcon around me. Striking as quickly as I could, moving behind that twisted imitation and striking from above with a powerful arc of wind. The impact bounced my shadow off the ground with enough force to shatter bones. Awakening their own Falcon as they bounced high into the air and preparing to dive attack."

15.	Signs;
	"Rising as a vortex while he fell upon me, our blades of wind clashed. The explosion of compressed gasses sending us both flying. Ears ringing, and rising slowly to my feet, I saw that my shadow was still down. I began to approach cautiously, freezing on the spot with every twitch I saw. Until he raised his head slightly and spoke in a weak whisper, 'We'll meet Again,'"

16.	Life;
	"Their head dropped, and as quickly as I entered the Gateway, they faded into the waning vortex. I wandered endlessly, heavily injured and bleeding. The echos of my past ringing, fresh in my mind, my body ravaged from the battle. A glimpse of hope that became a living nightmare leaving me broken, tired and alone. I knew I couldn't lay down and die, because if the Gateway remains, so must Avalon, my home."

17.	Blood;
	"Each step like walking into a heavy wind, cradling broken ribs, battered and bruised, I carried on. For what seemed like an eternity I searched the limitless white void. My mind realing with the knowledge that part of me could have enjoyed everything I hated myself for. All that set us apart were twisted pride and bottomless sorrow. Slowly regaining my resolve and bandaging my wounds with tattered rags, I wandered with nothing but tainted memories to keep me company."

18.	Spirit;
	"Days became weeks as my wounds slowly healed. My body regaining strength, reflecting on every mistake I ever made. Everytime I lost control, and the torrents of guilt that followed. Every choice I made that led to where I now wandered in the endless prison of my own mind, to the vast expanse where the Gods themselves once clashed with VoSti. If I could find the City, Mythos, I could again return home."

19.	Minds;
	"'I killed her...' the shadow's words echoing in my mind, in this place where starvation and rest were mere suggestions. I knew on some level the shadow was right, in that moment, it was my battle against the Emporer which blinded me. My despiration to end it all which led to her death. The fog of battle and broken bones clouding my judgement on that fateful day. The final blow meant for him, that severed her in two."

20.	Owners;
	"'Why do I exist?' when the world went dark, I thought it was over. That I would all at once be freed of my past, having sacrificed myself for a brighter future. My doubts lingering in my mind like the shackles of a prison I couldn't escape. Had we really beaten the Cloaked One, or did we merely stall his relentless thirst for power? After drifting endlessly in nothingness, thrust against a twisted mirror of my past, and wandering the Gateway that once hosted the final battle, was it all worth it?"

21.	Lessons;
	"The constant pressure of not knowing, images of my own face twisted with wicked glee. I pressed onward to unknown horizons, driven by the need to see this through to the end. The burden of my ignorance and speculation thretening to render me another soul lost to this vast expanse. Hoping beyond hope that everything had been worth it, that we had really won. Wanting nothing more than to return home."

22.	Truth;
	"Each step taking me further from where my shadow fell, though it's twisted form would linger in my mind. As my past flashed before me, spiraling deeper and deeper. My doubts bubbling to the surface as sleeplessness became an afterthought. As hunger melted away and only the Gateway remained. I had to struggle onwards if only to know it was finally over."

23.	Mystic;
	"As my reasoning faltered and my shallow hope of returning home was at it's brink, something caught my eye in the distance. A single tower that seemed to resonate with the power of NaFi. Inspired anew, I surged upright and took to the skies at blinding speed. It's size distorting my depth perception, lingering in the distance like a single needle of hope as mine had worn so thin. Faster and faster, I pushed my body and the winds to their limits, only for the tower to remain locked on the distant horizon."

24.	Epilogue;
	"How far could it be, how long could I push myself to get there? Once again reminded of drifting through nothingness, I slowed my pace and pressed ever onward. The presence of NaFi growing with every inch, my hope rising with every breath, though the tower remained out of reach. If the Eternal Wind still lived, I could finally see Avalon once more. If NaFi was there, I could finally go home."
