"Chapter Eight"

~False Hope~


1.	Prologue;
	"No stranger to battle, I rushed my enemy. Clashing with the might of my own skill, the suffering of every fallen enemy, the reflection of every life I could not protect. The hopelessness and loss of leaving your friend behind to save others, only to lose them as well. Every thought and feeling, dug deep from the cost of battle, twisted into savage bliss at the suffering it causes. A personification of my regrets, as displayed by it's malevolent wickedness."

2.	Governance;
	"Flying as fast as my still wounded body would allow, I raced toward the distant tower. Rising on the horizon, like a blade of hope, the essence of NaFi resonating, calling to me. Wether days or years the vastness of the space around me rendered my perceptions skewed. Once a needle on the horizon, now a dagger stabbing the blank white sky. I only knew it was growing closer, as my long restless journey through this place was finally coming to a close."

3.	Religion;
	"Approaching the tower afer an eternity of flight, it's magnitude as impressive as the Eternal Wind itself. Drawing closer to it's base which extended as far as the eye could see, and it's top stretching well into the distant, cold, white sky. I still did not know how far I had left to go, the sheer scale of the tower beyond anything I had ever seen before. A moment of reprieve, the tower looming like a monument to the wind, I stopped for the first time since my shadow fell. When I was struck with the relization that NaFi was not the only presence within the tower."

4.	Logic;
	"It couldn't be, could it? Dark and distant, the presence of the Cloaked One within the tower, threatening to suffocate me, like a ghost on the wind. NaFi was so overwhelming at a distance that I hadn't noticed it before, as if the lingering remnants of VoSti haunted the tower. Something was wrong, NaFi wasn't calling to me so much as their spirit was a passive beacon for those lost to the blank white void. Like VoSti, their presence was weaker than before, an artifact of the long forgotten past resonating through time."

5.	Wisdom;
	"Gazing up at the tower, etxending as far as I could see, it's curvature lost from my perspective near the base, it's height unfathomable. The spirit of NaFi was certainly here, as though they were sleeping, without consciousness. The shadow within however, resonated a deep hatred for all things, and an unwavering thirst for power. I approached carefully, touching the cold pale stone, was this really my only way home? Either way, I knew the Tower of NaFi was the path forward, I just needed to find an entrance."

6.	Wealth;
	"Walking along the base of the tower, the forces within clashing through sudden surges of power, before returning to rest. As if VoSti and the Eternal Wind were locked in an elusive dance, neither following nor able to take the lead. Coming to an archway, barely larger than a sewage drain, I gathered myself, and entered the tower. The darkness within a stark contrast to the perpetual day outside, light leaking through the passageway, my eyes adjusting quickly. The long plain hall stretching into the distance, growing dimmer with every step, the presence within the tower nearly overwhelming my very essence."

7.	Matter;
	"Deeper and darker, reaching the limits of visibility even for my Avious eyes. Vibrations of sudden clashes shaking the inside of the tower, thretening to tear reality apart. I walked along, my hand brushing the wall as I pressed onward. Each wave sending vibrations through the core of my being, though nearly inperceptible from outside the tower. After some time I was struck with a sense of relief as my hand brushed against a door."

8.	Illusion;
	"The doorway was nearly as tall as the hall itself, etched in ornate patterns beneath my fingertips. There was no handle of any kind, like a slab of plain stone within a decorated archway I couldn't even see. With no perceptible mechanism, I pushed against the door with my winds. As if some ancient magic sealed the archway, the frame came to life with brilliant cyan light, blinding me slightly. With a heavy scraping grind, the door lifted into the wall, revealing the central chamber of the tower."

9.	War;
	"A vast central cylander stretching from the ground to the very top of the tower, a vortex of tomultuous winds raging along it's legnth. A stairway along the outter walls easily wide enough to march a batallion of soldiers, ornate rails barely outside the grip of the wind. The ground floor unaffected by the vortex, like a vast meeting hall where the people would gather and trade. Shattered carts and long dead corpses littered the floor, evidence of a forgotten battle not so long ago. Doors leading to unknown destinations around the walls, I marched forward cautiously examining my surroundings."

10.	Space;
	"The bodies of countless Avious soldiers who once served NaFi littered the floor, among the piles of broken stalls and benches. Some merely bones, and others coated in delapidaed flesh which clung desperately to them. Like many battles happened here, some more recent than others. Searching for rations of any kind, being days since I had eaten, this may be my only chance to resupply. Occasional bursts of energy coming from the top of the tower shaking the corpses around the floor."

11.	Vision;
	"Managing to aquire some stale bread and dusty wine, I sat myself at the eastern wall, for the first time in what felt like an eternity, I slept. Rattled by nightmares of Avelin, my shadow, and the Emperer, devastated by grotesque amalgamations of regret thretening to reach my throat. Waves of power, reminding me of NaFi, the lurking darkness of the Cloaked One, only to sink back into the severed flesh of my mistakes. Waking suddenly as something gripped my leg, a severed arm flew into the air, as my wind tore it from it's body. Several of the corpses were now standing, others appeared to have moved along the floor, no longer static remnants of battles long past."

12.	Peace;
	"Keeping perfetly still, unmoving like one of the corpses that now surrounded me. I began inching slowly to the base of the stairway along the outer wall. Another wave of power revealed these corpses could indeed move, each shook, slightly twisting in my direction. As the power of NaFi resonated through them, their life was momentarily restored. As the power of VoSti resonated with it, they sought to protect the tower, even in death."

13.	Decay;
	"One by one they began to fall and crumble to dust, gathering amid a vortex of energy at the center of the chamber. A single soldier begining to materialize at it's core. The resemblance to myself uncanny, though older, with a deep scar across his right eye. 'Who dares tresspass these halls?' he bellowed in graveled tones. The soldier's eyes distant, his stance slouched, now merely a sleepy remnant of his former self, forged from corpses of the living dead."

14.	Time;
	"Meeting my stare, his eyes filled with tears, 'Avian?' he murmered weakly. Taking a step forward, his tears turned to hatred, 'How dare you use him against me!' the soldier shouted. Rushing me at astonishing speeds, I evaded his armored fist which tore a chunk out of wall behind me. 'Who are you?' I spoke, almost to myself, unsure if this tortured soul was merely an illusion to further torment my psyche. Blow for blow, he attacked in a frenzy, moving less like a soldier and more like an animal, though his training was ever present in his stregnth and speed."

15.	Signs;
	"Each attack a shockwave of wind and pain, each movement thretening to end my life. 'Who are you?' I inquired again, more directly this time, searching his face for answers as his eyes flashed between fury and sorrow. 'I never wanted to leave you behind!' he cried  between grizzly breaths and devastating attacks. His fist meeting my ribs before I could evade, with an exasperated gasp I gripped his arm. Moving to the side and twisting it, he countered by slipping beneath me and kicking me in the stomach."

16.	Life;
	"Vomiting slightly from the impact, before I could respond, he had gripped my beak and slammed my head into the floor. By divine coincidence a surge of energy rang through the tower as I planted my feet in his chest. Rolling back and pushing away with my legs and a thrust of wind the soldier was sent soaring dangerously close to the vortex that filled the upper levels of the tower, falling to the floor across the chamber. Rising to his feet and preparing to advance, I shouted once again 'WHO ARE YOU!?' Pausing for a moment, as he straitened himself, remnants of former glory gleaming through his eyes, 'I am Abados of Avalon, and you are... You are... My son...'"

17.	Blood;
	"My head pounding as I readied myself, trying to process what the soldier had just said. New emotions surging through my stomach, like a twisted knot of hatred and longing. The shadow was right, part of me hated him for abandoning me, yet still I only wished to understand him. We each rushed forward, clashing at the center of the chamber, as he caught my blade of wind in an armored talon. 'Why did you leave me on that forsaken world?' I pleaded, 'Why didn't you take me with you?'"

18.	Spirit;
	"Crushing my blade in his hand, and rotating into a kick, 'The Empire would not allow it, you would have been killed!' his graveled voice deep and sorrowful. Blocking the strike, and leaping into the air, I launched blades of wind down on him, 'Why didn't you say anything? Why didn't you leave anything behind?' I cried between strikes. He moved with remarkable speed, side to side, before he lept to meet me and rotated into a powerful fist that sent me flying across the chamber. I braced myself in the air and rushed him again, blades of wind being deflected effortlessly by the veteran of countless battles before me. 'I was trying to protect you!' he bellowed as his hands unhinged, revealing embeded revolvers in his wrists, and he opened fire."

19.	Minds;
	"Slashing and dodging, firing blades of wind in return, the Falcon surrounding me as I tackled him to the ground, pinning his arms. 'You have no idea what I went through!' I cried, between gasps. His eyes mourning his mistakes, and his body going limp, 'I understand if you hate me, Avian,' he replied in little more than a whisper. The force of the Falcon and my body weighing down on him, my fury bubbling over, I released him as I stood slowly. 'I don't hate you... As much as I wish I did... Thanks to your mistakes, the Empire has fallen, and the Emporer is no more,'"

20.	Owners;
	"His face shifting from one of remorse to one of utter shock, 'Did... Did you KILL the Emperer?' he murmered as he slowly rose to his feet. Turning to him with the Falcon surrounding me, my power still surging, I replied simply, 'Twice,' As if by some internal struggle he began to shake, 'What exactly do you mean you killed him twice?' his voice wavering. 'The monster that plagues this tower brought him back to life, a twisted horrific shadow of his former self,' I responded, turning my gaze upward. Abados streghtened himself again, 'I know the shadows well,' turning his gaze upward as well."

21.	Lessons;
	"We stood in silence for some time, as waves of power permiated the chamber from above. 'I can not go with you' breaking the silence, he placed his hand on my shoulder, 'This body won't last much longer,' his voice lower than before. Turning to face him, thousands of questions spiraling through my mind, yet I couldn't speak. 'Don't say anyhing, Avian. You're strong, and I'm as proud as a father could be,' Our eyes locked in a moment of understanding as the life drained from his face, the spirits leaving him as his corpse crumbled to the floor."

22.	Truth;
	"Tears streaming down my face, arching my back and screaming into the sky, I unleashed the fury of the winds. Lifting shards of wood and stone around me with the force of a hurricane. Drawing myself up and releasing the gales in a burst of rage, loss, and longing, thrusting debris like bullets into the walls of the chamber. I stood there, crying in silence before realizing the waves of divine force from the top of the tower had stopped. A sudden shiver of fear raced along my spine, and I knew something was coming."

23.	Mystic;
	"I ran to the stairs, and entered the nearest room, drawing my power down to consceal myself. A small kitchen area where meals were once prepared for grand events. Dusty cookware scattered around the floor, broken counters and stoves along the walls. I burried my presence deep, moving behind a large cubbord which presumably held aprons, brooms and mops for the staff. The once steady rythm of NaFi's struggle, now only the gentle hum of a sleeping god.

24.	Epilogue;
	"I couldn't move, I could barely even breathe, fear permiating my whole being. Subtle waves of VoSti's presence beyond the door, then nothing, before it would appear again from a different direction. All I could do was remain still, silent, as I waited for it to resume it's battle with NaFi. Shifting from one location to the next, I knew that he was the predator, and I was the prey. In the fight with my father, I had revealed myself to VoSti, and this was the first time in my life I had ever been truly, deeply afraid."
