"Chapter Nine"

~Desperate Climb~


1.	Prologue;
	"These dark reflections had always been there, waiting in silence. A part of every being, in all of Creation. Desolating the worlds and minds they would infest, aided by minions of VoSti. Many of us had seen them, some would fight, and others were never the same again. We had crossed the veil, and in that moment, we became something more than before, if only we could survive our trials."

2.	Governance;
	"As VoSti's presence faded, and the waves of power resumed, they seemed more broken, further apart. I would need to stay hidden if I ever hoped to return to Avalon. The looming threat digging at the back of my mind. Leaving the kitchen and returning to the central chamber, I began to climb the stairs. Moving as quickly as possible without drawing attention to myself, I pushed upward toward the being which instilled such fear in the pit of my stomach."

3.	Religion;
	"Questions ringing in my mind, was that soldier really my father? He was brought back to life, but not in the same way as Avelin, he still had his consciousness intact. The process must have been similar, a kind of trap for those who enter the tower. More sophisticated than the monsters that had been unleashed what seems like an eternity ago. My experiments must have been much closer than I realized, it may even be possible to bring back the dead, if only for a time."

4.	Logic;
	"The face of a child flashing through my mind, bathed in blood and intestines speaking only my name. I had to push these thoughts from my mind, they were dead, and perhaps it was better that way. I charged up the stairs as quickly as I could muster, now with more questions than answers. Knowing that should I reach NaFi, I would be forced to face VoSti as well. Despite the terror building in my gut, my drive for answers and vengence burned anew within me."

5.	Wisdom;
	"The cloaked one surely had the answers I sought, and no doubt would refuse to reveal them. My own power no match for even his now weakened state. Perhaps NaFi could help me, but so long as he was locked in battle, there was no chance to inquire. The key to Avalon is in my very blood, and all I needed was to find a portal, and regroup in Avalon. All I needed was to get back home."

6.	Wealth;
	"I slowed my pace, the waves of energy resonating from the top of the tower a constant reminder of the battle raging beyond my reach. The vortex beyond the rails thretening to tear anything it touches asunder. I didn't even know if there would be a way forward once I reached the top, if I could even escape VoSti's wrath. How long could NaFi contain him, or if the presences I felt were even really them. It was only a matter of time, in a place where such a consept was effectively meaningless."

7.	Matter;
	"Step after step I climbed higher and higher, the energy around me becoming more and more intense, as the vortex beyond the rails grew unstable. Climbing against the wind as the pulses of divine power would threten to knock me back, and the fear in my stomach grew with every step. Unsure of how long I climbed, surely I was nearing the top of the tower. When suddenly the winds stopped, replaced by a warm breeze and the staircase opened to an upper chamber. Before me, a sleeping NaFi lay in a grand royal bed, above him a shadowy cloaked figure straining against the wind eminating from his dreams."

8.	Illusion;
	"Even as he slumbered, NaFi held the Cloaked one at bay, the figure looming like a nightmare on the verge of breaching the pleasnt reprieve. I moved slowly around the edge of the chamber, fearing what might happen if I were spotted, the waves of power now overwhelming me completly. Slowing to nearly a crawl, as I watched VoSti draw energy from the Eternal Wind, and with stark realization, 'He's diffusing him!' I whispered. As if the pressure of the winds, and divine power were not enough, VoSti's head cocked to the side and turned slightly, had he heard me? Not willing to test the hypothesis, I began moving to the back of the chamber where a hollow archway stood, a dormant portal."

9.	War;
	"Another twitch from the Cloaked One and I broke into a full sprint. Unleashing the Falcon within me and soaring to the portal as fast as I could. VoSti had seen me and moved to intercept, but it was already too late. I touched the archway, and in a flash of cyan light, I was spinning through space and time. Before I knew it, I landed flat on my back, I had finally returned to Avalon."

10.	Space;
	"Rising to my feet and scanning my surroundings, the presence of NaFi and the Cloaked One now only an echo burned into my mind. I needed to move with haste, Knowing VoSti could diffuse the gods put his plan well into perspective. I had to return to the laboratory, I had to prepare the peoples of Avalon to restore NaFi before it was too late. If he could survive the seal, and diffuse the gods, he was a far greater threat than even the Elements themselves had realized. VoSti was truly the only thing that fear itself was afraid of."

11.	Vision;
	"I now stood in a barren field, soil once tilled now lay barren, it's crops lost to time. A forest in the distance, and the remnants of a small town nearby. I made my way toward the rubble before me, what appeared to have been a thriving farm village, now broken and abandoned. Evidence of a battle having taken place, scorched debris and crumbling walls tell a silent story. My heart weighed heavy, not knowing what or who took this place, only that I had limited time to resupply before moving on."

12.	Peace;
	"This was the fate of many towns and villages, as I searched for any signs of life. No usable portals remained, as if this world was cut off from the rest of Avalon, surely it must have been swarming with Corruption. The people who once lived here now long dead in the sweep that erradicated the shadows of VoSti. As night began to fall, I approached a small city, as devastated as the others, I searched for a place to rest for the night. Not knowing what may lurk in the deepening twilight of this devastated world."

13.	Decay;
	"Standing in the endless white void of the Gateway, my shadow standing before me, Avelin struggling against their grasp. 'I killed her... I killed her... I killed her...' He echoed over and over again with twisted glee. I couldn't move, my breath shallow, with a twist, and a sickening series of cracks, he broke her neck. A child in a cold observation room with the lights flashing, as she whispered my name, staring deeply into my eyes. Reaching down her own throat as it bulged, she began regurgitating black tar and pulling out her own intestines."

14.	Time;
	"I awoke shortly before sunrise, realing from the horrors of my own imagination. One of many restless nights to come as I packed what little supplies I could find, and began searching for a working portal. Approaching the town square, a ruined fountain stood, once a symbol of harmony, now only a harsh reminder of those who died. Sudden movement in the distance caught my eye, and in a flicker of dust, I was standing beside a small child. 'Please! Don't hurt me!' they cried startled, as they curled into a ball, covering their head and shaking."

15.	Signs;
	"'I mean you no harm,' I stated calmly, slowly kneeling beside them before touching their shoulder. 'What happened here?' I inquired, though the child merely shook, refusing to lower their arms. 'Are there any other survivors?' I inquired further, but to no avail. Whoever came to this world hunting corruption must have lashed out indiscriminately. 'I come from a distant village that was destroyed, and you're the first other survivor I've seen in weeks,' atempting to comfort the child, though lying, it was better than divulging the gravity of my situation."

16.	Life;
	"Lowering their arms slightly to peak beyond them, 'You're not...' sniffling, '...One of THEM?' they askked between sobs. 'No child, I'm not,' I assured them, rising to my feet slowly. 'Who are THEY exactly?' I gently pressured, offering my hand to help them to their feet. 'I don't know...' the child's voice wavering as they accepted my outstretched hand. 'But I know someone who might,' they continued as they gathered their footing, looking me straight in the eyes.

17.	Blood;
	"I followed the child to a particularly ruined quarter of a nearby city, into the basement of an old warehouse whose roof had been torn completly off the walls. They led me to a locked door in the back of the cellar, with three sharp knocks the door opened and I was greeted by four armed guards. Raising my hands slowly, and standing still, the child was ushered inside by an elderly woman in a tattered white dress. 'And who are you exactly?' the largest of the guards inquired, their guns aimed square at my head. 'I am Avian, and my village was destroyed. I wandered for days before I found the poor child, and they led me here,' I replied, unsure if they would believe my ruse."

18.	Spirit;
	"'Well Avian, as I'm sure you're aware, we can't trust some random wanderer, how do we know you're clean?' One of the smaller guards quipped, jabbing me in the chest with their pistol. 'I merely seek shelter, and a bite to eat. I have a sturdy arm, and can offer my services in exchange,' I suggested, hoping to gather information about the survivors. 'How do we know you're clean, scumbag!?' retorted a third guard, while the final one remained silent."

19.	Minds;
	"'You may search me if you wish,' I suggested, stretching my arms to the sides. Without hesitation all but the tallest guard began patting down every inch of my person. My magics and weapons forged from the wind itself, would never be found. Appearing satisfied, they returned to the side of their leader, who stepped back into the doorway, and lowered his rifle. Walking behind him as the others walked behind me, I was led through their subterranian encampment."

20.	Owners;
	"Like a series of waterways layed out beneath the city, tents and torches lined both sides of the passages. It was reasonable to assume the containment unit didn't know these passages existed. I had encountered many such villages in my time with the Rebellion. People scavanging for anything they could find, to preserve their lives, and the lives of their loved ones. Unlike those times however, I was here not to warn them of imminent danger from the Empire, but to find a way back to the very people they were hiding from."

21.	Lessons;
	"I understood the damage left in the wake of the Empire, but to see the Republic leaving the same desolation was heartbreaking. 'Where are we going?' I inquired the guards as we ventured ever deeper into the compound. 'You must speak to our leader, they'll decide what to do with you,' the tallest replied. Passing a junction where curtains bearing the emblem of the Rebellion were hung over one branching path, I was ushered inside. Sitting at the center of what appeared to be an old service chamber, pipes clinging to the walls, was an old Avious with greying feathers, a chipped beak, and pale white eyes."

22.	Truth;
	"'What brings you to our village, wanderer?' He inquired in a timeless voice that betrayed his age. 'What brings you here, REALLY?' he continued before I could respond, his wisened face searching mine though his blindness was apparent. 'Are you part of the rebellion?' I askked, seating myself on the floor in front of him. 'That is of no importance,' he replied, 'What is important is, are you?' Pondering his question for a moment, unsure if this was the rebellion I fostered, or how much time had passed since the battle with VoSti, I murmered quietly 'Yes,'"

23.	Mystic;
	"Appearing to search me once again, his blind eyes somehow staring through me, as if every secret I kept would be revealed to him. 'Then maybe you really are the Avian I remember,' his voice lower than before, his eyes growing nostalgic. 'The Avian you remember?' my inquiry slipping from me as my curiosity grew. 'The one who fought the Emporer as he devistated this world,' his words sparking a wave of memories and emotion, this was the very world where I destroyed the abomination that replaced Avelin. He was a member of the team that came with me, now ravaged by years of aging."

24.	Epilogue;
	"'I am... But how is that possible, what happened here?' I askked, unsure of the passage of time. 'We stayed behind to rebuild when you were rushed to a world where you could recover, you were badly injured,' his voice now mirroring my own confusion. 'You were older than me then, and much has changed since that day,' Much had changed indeed, I had been gone for so long, yet I had not aged in the Gateway. Decades had passed, and the newly formed Republic had become the very evil it once destroyed, a monster forged by my own hands. The echoes of my inaction, countless lives lost to corruption and the Republic, a weight that was my sole responsibility to bear."
