"NaTe"

~Blinded By the Light~


1.	Prologue;
	"I'm the only player you need to talk to, this whole game, right here. I got you covered, when I started playing I was 17, father thought it was the devil's work. I showed him the light of god one night, brought him out of a dead sleep. He grabbed his gun, and rushed into the kitchen at the noise. I was digging in the fridge, and he shot me in the leg."

2.	Governance;
	"Moved out and picked up the game at the same time. I never met my mother, and after my father was sent to jail, I was on my own. Didn't want anything to do with him. Got a job at a comic shop, where I played Rememberence after my shifts with the night crew before they'd start. Naturally, they made me their de facto leader."

3.	Religion;
	"I rapidly forged a strict regimen for our troops, and built massive worlds. Convinced customers to join us once in a while. All around an exciting game, where anything could happen. My stories were always the best, well, the guy who took over my position at night was pretty good too. Just my skill with organization shot me ahead of my peers, in both the game, and my eventual promotion to manager."

4.	Logic;
	"They always envied me for that, I was just that good at what I do. The shop was running with profit, we had loads of returning customers, and new ones every day. The game progressed, and I named my faction The Templar. Sort of spitting in the face of my catholic father. Blaspheme, right to the core."

5.	Wisdom;
	"While people came to me for structure, I can't help but feel like certain people were pushed away. I kept pressing on none the less. Running both the shop, and the occasional nightly game. I didn't even know what I had, until I had long lost it. The day my father was released from prison."

6.	Wealth;
	"He came in to the shop, drunk as piss, got me fired, and wrecked the shop. I was so furious I wanted to beat the hell out of him. I didn't though, just called his ass a cab. I couldn't do that, despite what he did to me. I was better than him."

7.	Matter;
	"When I got home, he was waiting on my porch, beside the room I was renting at the time. He started yelling, but I just walked past him, told him to get his alcoholic ass inside before he got me kicked out of my place too. When we got inside, he only intensified, as if the walls amplified his voice. Yelling, Yelling, YELLING, I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed a plate off the counter and clocked him across the temple."

8.	Illusion;
	"I put him in my car, and drove him to the hospital, told them he fell down drunk. I moved out of the area after that. He spent a week in the hospital, I fractured his skull in six places, and they had to put a plate in. There was plenty of time to pack my important belongings, and ship out. I didn't want anything to do with him."

9.	War;
	"I wasn't even sure if he was still alive honestly. I took a trip cross country, taking in the sights. I wanted to explore the real world, much like I had once explored Rememberence. It wasn't like the game though, nobody followed my orders. Life on the road was a perpetual struggle."

10.	Space;
	"I finally stopped in a nice quiet little town, got a job at the local gas station. I kept Rememberence with me, and introduced people around town to it. Rebuilt my faction, which for a Christian town, they took to The Templar rather quickly. Even invited me to their church, tough I was forced to decline. More out of respect than anything."

11.	Vision;
	"Shortly after arriving in my new home, the creator of Rememberence invited me to play one of his gods, NaTe the Eternal Light. Brought my faction along with me, and we started building the plane of light. The community that started in the little town, built rather fast online, people took to their ideas rather easily. Before I knew it the Templar had become an imperial force, structured behind a divine being of blinding light. We were a force to behold."

12.	Peace;
	"As we grew we started competing with The Legion, and fending off Cyanide. We almost always came out on top. The only group who rivaled our power were the Crusher. A system of might and force much like my own. Our mutual contests forged strong bonds, and even deeper wounds."

13.	Decay;
	"I was in charge, It was my holy army, conquering the worlds beneath my wings. There were some little things that would happen here and there. Just incompetence on the part of lower ranked soldiers I figured. I didn't realize what was going on until I had seen what they did to NaGi. They thrashed his capital, left it in ruins."

14.	Time;
	"They were already deep inside my armies, turning my own soldiers against me. It was only a matter of time until my whole army was under the grasp of that cursed ghost, VoSti. We fought back as best we could, we withdrew into Crusher territory, circled the wagons. My forces were on the front lines, holding back the Glitched, our vigilance made us the Ideal defense team. No matter how hard we fought, they just kept coming."

15.	Signs;
	"The town couldn't take it anymore, they all renounced me. Left me alone in my house with my computer, a dwindling online following, and barely enough supplies to sustain my remaining troops. Those months we fought the Glitched were the longest months of my life. Isolated, running numbers, organizing troops, and attacking key locations. No matter how much he took from me, I would NEVER let VoSti beat me."

16.	Life;
	"We had retaken some Legion territory, and were planning our next attack when my father resurfaced again. Came out of nowhere, I can't even figure out how he tracked me down. I was out of the loop for weeks trying to get him to leave. He kept insisting that we were family, and had to stand by one another. I was losing time, and he was only a distraction from more important problems."

17.	Blood;
	"I got fed up with staying silent, I went back to the game, to hell with my father. My real family needed my help. When I arrived They were already failing badly, and ready to resort to their final attempt. They wanted to seal him away and shut down the whole game, forever. I didn't want to let them go just like that, and be left with my father, but we had no other options by this point."

18.	Spirit;
	"Every soldier, every battalion, the Glitched slayed or turned them all. I don't know if they were with us or against us from the very beginning. Our forces had been wore thin, and we were giving it our last ditch effort, to put him away. NaTe was in the center of Mythos with the other gods, as I kept a keen eye on the troops enforcing the plane's borders. This had to be executed flawlessly."

19.	Minds;
	"VoSti wouldn't just bow to power, it took a sharp wit and cunning. We had lured him to a single place by using the gods themselves as bait. Knowing we would be fighting to the final breath to wear him down before we sealed him away. We underestimated his powers, slinging his Glyphs as clones of us, and mixing our abilities flawlessly. How could a simple NPC be so incredibly powerful, and why can't we simply put an end to it?"

20.	Owners;
	"I was in shock, I had never seen anything really happen before that night. At the same time the servers were shut down, all the lights blew out. My father started screaming his shows were being interrupted because I didn't pay the bills. He suddenly stopped yelling, but when I got to him, he was frozen stiff, and staring in terror out into space. He never spoke again, just frozen in that twisted expression..."

21.	Lessons;
	"I still played Rememberence, I mean why not? Just never too publicly. I took care of my dad, and still work at the gas station. The town warmed back up to me after that, but refused to play Rememberence again. I even went to church every once in a while for holiday events. I will never know what he saw, and frankly, I don't give a damn.

22.	Truth;
	"I didn't expect to see anyone coming to hear that story. You don't have to tell me why, I already know. He's back, and you think maybe you can stop him. Don't sell yourself short, you probably can, eventually. If you think it will happen without training, and amassing new forces, you're dead wrong."

23.	Mystic;
	"He takes your strengths and turns them against you. He will turn the worst of you against yourself like a typhoon of self doubt, and loathing. Make no mistake, to fight him truly, you will have to awaken the deepest parts of your soul, and face them honorably. If you can't do that, VoSti has already won. Maybe he always has, maybe he always will."

24.	Epilogue;
	"The human soul is a fickle thing, bonding like cement in one moment, and slipping like sand through your fingers the next. Once you find yourself, never let that go. In the end of life, all that's left, is how you're remembered. Through this you know that some people have lived beyond their time. Both in the future, and the distant past."
