"Chronicle of Avian"

~Act One~

1.	Prologue;
	"Buried beneath the desert, on a long forgotten world, I learned to fend for myself. The small mining town I was raised in barely had anything going for it. Little more than a few edible roots, and the local animals barely fetched a meal. I am Avian, Guardian of Avalon, and it is no mistake that you are here, nor that you are reading my words. It is a matter of fate after all."

2.	Governance;
	"Here in the chambers of the grand archives of time, there are Gateways to the inner mind. As we once touched your world, and others came, our mysterious planes became infested. As a plague that doesn't infect the body, but space and time itself. The greatest warriors, wizards, scholars, and knights. All were gathered to fight what soon became our way of life."

3.	Religion;
	"Not all who came from your world were so wicked however. Opting to join our struggle against these twisted reflections. The forces of Avalon were rapidly stretched tight like a bow string, ready to snap. We did everything we could, and it took everything we had, if only to survive. I knew the day would come, where our worlds would be reconnected once again."

4.	Logic;
	"Some minds were open, dreaming again and again, others would never return. All served some role in Rememberence. The battles we knew would lead to the moment of our retribution against the beings who invaded our worlds. Some not so different from you, others from the many realms of Rememberence. All seeking to serve their master VoSti and bring about his grand design."

5.	Wisdom;
	"We all live for something don't we? In a world of conflict, there is only war, and that is no life worth living. Those who seek power may find it, but who is in control, them, or the power itself? What do you seek traveler, what drives you to keep moving forward? Can you hold it in your hands, or does it float away, like a raft at sea?"

6.	Wealth;
	"We had brought them to the Gateway, we had cornered them in the world between worlds. The gods themselves by our side. Our forces clashing violently, the power of beings from beyond this plane, shaking the fabric of eternity. By the force of our battle, even the incarnation of power beyond power for it's own sake, VoSti, would be brought to his knees. Only an instant of jubilation, and all was cast into shadows, far from the Gateway, from thinking, from being itself."

~Act Two~

7.	Matter;
	"Unknowing of time, drifting, until a single spark ignited, distant but flickering with hope. A single glimpse of something, anything. Growing larger and larger, like a brilliant star. The light breaking like an explosion, returning me to the Gateway. Before me stood a copy of myself, gleefully twisted by the shadows of the past. Lashing out with the force of my own arm, a cyclone of torment and pain."

8.	Illusion;
	"No stranger to battle, I rushed my enemy. Clashing with the might of my own skill, the suffering of every fallen enemy, the reflection of every life I could not protect. The hopelessness and loss of leaving your friend behind to save others, only to lose them as well. Every thought and feeling, dug deep from the cost of battle, twisted into savage bliss at the suffering it causes. A personification of my regrets, as displayed by it's malevolent wickedness."

9.	War;
	"These dark reflections had always been there, waiting in silence. A part of every being, in all of Creation. Desolating the worlds and minds they would infest, aided by minions of VoSti. Many of us had seen them, some would fight, and others were never the same again. We had crossed the veil, and in that moment, we became something more than before, if only we could survive our trials."

10.	Space;
	"The planes of Avalon had been ravaged by this Corruption, without reprieve, without rest. Those who once fought along side us from your world had vanished, and the forces of the Elder Gods had been driven mad, as had many of our own. Our mages and scientists worked tirelessly discovering means of tracking and revealing Corruption. We withdrew into the distant reaches of Avalon, relentlessly struggling to recapture the worlds we had lost. When we discovered Corrupt Essence spins backward, we finally had a chance at fighting back."

11.	Vision;
	"It was long before the people of Avalon would again feel hope. As our forces grew, and our methods improved, we were on track to a better future. The light at the end of the tunnel had been revealed. We worked tirelessly to secure trade routs, and prepare ourselves for the long and grueling recovery ahead of us. Can we endure Corruption, or do the echos of our hearts always become the shadows we face in the mirror?"

12.	Peace;
	"As the days and months passed, we forged a new fate for ourselves. Corruption present but waning, the armies of the gods allowed to rest, the glitched becoming simple bandits and thieves. Avalon had finally begun to restore it's former glory. The Planes of Creation beginning to balance, as we thrived. Abandoning the Gateway, home of shadows, and for many years it remained closed."

~Act Three~

13.	Decay;
	"The long buried tombs and cities of the gods had come alive, as the portals were thrown open. Just before you arrived, things in Avalon had begun to shift, warning us of a new danger. Forces of the gods, inexplicably linked to their very souls, had risen from lengthy slumber. Broken by the anguish their progenitor surely suffers. Have you felt it, always watching, but never there?"

14.	Time;
	"We had to dig deeper into the realms of the gods, and uncover the truth. Searching endlessly into their domain, facing the twisted remnants of the past. If only to uncover the mystery of where they are from, and how they truely stopped him before. We found the Chronicles, stories of beings from your world who controlled the gods themselves. It is possible that you posses the same kind of divine power."

15.	Signs;
	"There are many more from your world who can help us. Some may be nervous and unsure, advise them gently. Others may be confused as to their nature, guide them through Rememberence with a steady hand. We must forge new bonds, and build our worlds, before VoSti can regain his former power. Or even worse still, obtain the power of the Elder Gods."

16.	Life;
	"We sent the Chronicles beyond space and time. Hoping that someday they would be found by someone like you. Some of those who came were less than fit, nearly shadows themselves already. Those with profound talents aid us, leading us to victory. I can only pray we survive the battle ahead."

17.	Blood;
	"When you came, it was as if the whole of creation shuddered. You were surely meant to find this parable, and seek the deeper mysteries. You have already fought with all you have, against your sorrows, and grown into something more. With the arts of your spirit we will hunt Corruption, and strive for a better world. In due time, we will defeat VoSti."

18.	Spirit;
	"With these spirits standing together with the gods, now is the time to strike. You are more than you gave yourself credit for, and now you know the potential of Rememberence. You're own potential, hidden before your eyes by Corrupt forces in your own world, in your own mind. We can restore the gods, gathering our armies, and bring VoSti down, once and for all. Even if it ultimately costs us our lives."

~Act Four~

19.	Minds;
	"With the fall of VoSti, we were left to protect the shards. As the gods vanish into the mysterious realms beyond creation, it is our duty to prevent their power from falling into the wrong hands, and to resist the temptation to use it ourselves. There are others like me, who's stories you must uncover. They act of their own will, and through them you can discover the deeper secrets of Rememberence. With us you can protect the shards, and the realms of Creation, from the forces of Corruption."

20.	Owners;
	"The shards would find their resting place at the Altars of the gods, in their mysterious realms. We burried them deep beneath the altars, and protected them well. As the shards are fragments of the gods power, no being could own them. To allow them to fall into the wrong hands would be to blaspheme against nature, enabling it's destruction. We must gather the other Guardians, and ensure the safety of the Realms."

21.	Lessons;
	"Moving forward is never without it's difficulties, but in our darkest moments, we may always find a glimmer of hope if only we are to look for it. How we chose to read these words, makes them our own in some way as we speak them in our mind. Avalon is but one of many planes, with many worlds for you to discover. Whether those places come to you through other beings, or your most lucid of dreams. Never take for granted what you have achieved, because there is always more to come."

22.	Truth;
	"We do not know if VoSti was truly defeated, as the glitched live on, and him through them. The gods have vanished to the planes beyond creation, and we are without their guidance. For how long we can not say, but in our times of greatest need, they are already in the fabric of our souls. This is only a single path through a single story. Do you have the fortitude to uncover them all?"

23.	Mystic;
	"In these planes you have already fought countless battles, building many worlds into fortresses that could overcome Corruption. This is but the beginning of something much much bigger than even the Elder Gods. You have the tools in your hands to control your own destiny, it's up to you how you choose to use them. I have faith that you can make your world better, in the way only you can. It's up to you where you go from here."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Now that you know what we are, what you are, may your wings fly on gentle winds as you journey onward, deeper into Rememberence. You have yet to uncover what you are truly capable of. In time, you won't have much choice. This has been a single fragment of a much larger story, find them, and you will discover yourself. Never give up the search for truth, in the end, it's all we have left."
