"NaDin"

~Tempting the Underworlds~


1.	Prologue;
	"You have to listen to me, none of this is what you think it is. The way you perceive reality is foundational to reality itself. If that perception shifts too rapidly, or in the wrong direction, it could literally kill you. I don't think I can stop you from playing Rememberence. All I can tell you, is that this ISN'T just a game."

2.	Governance;
	"These symbols and archetypal patterns, they're built into the fabric of everything. It's not safe to take this kind of power and just hand it to any maniac with a rage boner. Human beings are cruel greedy creatures, who would just as easily throw you under the bus, as help an old lady cross the street if they thought it would give them some stupid social credit. We tried revealing their own power to them, and the corporations with endless money infiltrated and collapsed any chance we had. The information you have in your hands is Dangerous, and there are people who would do ANYTHING to keep it locked away."

3.	Religion;
	"As you build your spirit, weird things start to happen. It ties you into the fabric of everything, hearing people's thoughts, "seeing" the future, and once it starts, it never stops. I knew Rememberence was different, that it would effect me, It's mind hacking, I just never predicted how much. You've opened a Pandora's box of limitless power. Most terrifying of all, is that it has always been sleeping inside you."

4.	Logic;
	"How do you think the masses can be controlled so easily by media propaganda? It's because these systems of symbols and phrases have always been used to program people, and control their evolution. Why do you think people just vanish or die when they reveal corruption, when they point this shit out? You have come this far, so you probably already know that you can't simply "Speak Out" and reveal the truth, it must be done strategically. Maybe you think this is just some paranoid rambling, but trust me when I tell you, the truth is deeper than the pits of your soul."

5.	Wisdom;
	"We tried fighting back in Occupy Wall Street, but look where that got us. A whole lot more of the status quo, we only fueled their propaganda by standing against them. We were missing something they had, something we didn't realize was already there. Mass communication, spreading awareness, we were able to reach many millions of people, but so were they. We fought for years, until we found what was really being kept from us, Though we didn't know we found it until it was already too late."

6.	Wealth;
	"Have you tested these symbols on people yet, have you tried treating them as if you're talking to their spirit? You won't realize it at first, but when it starts happening, everything will just click. You will learn things about your friends you never wanted to know, but it will just happen anyway. I don't know if this will make you closer to them or not, but you will learn one thing for sure, even the most unreachable person is still only human. If you target the right people with the right messages, literally anything is possible, as long as you know who you're dealing with. That's why they don't want this information to get into the hands of the public, into your hands, they don't want you to have that power."

7.	Matter;
	"After you've tasted it, you never want to let it go. After you've molded relationships, and crushed your enemies, it's worse than drugs. You realize that you can make things happen, even if it's not quite the way you want it to. Rememberence was just an outlet for me at first, but everything that comes with it was more than I could handle. I was using the darkest secrets of everyone around me like knives to slice anyone who crossed me. Once I realized how much power, REAL power, the knowledge of others gave me, I felt like I was queen of the world, yet I was still constantly looking for more."

8.	Illusion;
	"I lived with my brother for the longest time, we used to play Rememberence together. At first it wasn't all that odd, some board game I found online, but before long it was playing out our lives right before our eyes. The way our father left in a violent drunken rage when we were kids, the way he died that night... We had built our game around things we knew, people, places, it was part of the game, with the birth days and all, no big deal right? We were wrong, we were very wrong."

9.	War;
	"Our father's spirit started causing problems first. After we resurrected it, it started behaving unusually. It was based off our dad, sure, but it was just some numbers on paper, we thought we were just getting spooked by playing the game so late. So we shut everything down in the basement, we lived in our childhood home, when our mother was institutionalized we couldn't bear to leave it empty or sell it. That night my brother and I had matching dreams, Passenger seat, father yelling at us through whiskey soaked breath, crashing, his twisted corpse sitting in our lap as the sirens arrived."

10.	Space;
	"We Rushed into the hall at the same time, and within seconds we knew we had shared the experience. My brother was frightened so badly by that he moved out of the country, probably the right decision looking back. I insisted that the game could show us the truth about anything we focused on, that we could use it as a tool, but he simply wouldn't hear me out. That's why I'm telling you, so that you can learn from my mistakes, and use this power for your own well being. While I failed miserably to do so myself..."

11.	Vision;
	"Even by speaking these words, I'm feeding it still. From the moment you read the first line, it's already influencing you, because the things built into it, have always influenced you. Maybe there was nothing I could do to stop things from going the way they did. Someone had to be the one who lost everything in their search for power, better me than someone else I suppose. Hell, it might have been predetermined by my own hand, long before I ever started reading in the first place."

12.	Peace;
	"I was playing the darkest path I could, all I wanted was the power to mold the world as I saw fit. I didn't know that would be more than I ever asked for, but when it started working, I couldn't stop. I started anonymously attacking Scientology online, it was a test, you know, just to see if the game could play out on a mass scale. Revealing their inner workings, crazy ass cult, starving people and locking them in dark rooms and shit. Before long, the number of spirits targeting the massive organization was in the hundreds of thousands."

13.	Decay;
	"You can't trust people, not even your family, the moment they know you're doing something differently, they will stab you in the back. I thought those who had gone the direction I sent them, had some unified presence, but the spirit I helped create became it's own kind of monster. I was surprised when it first grew beyond my control, they kicked me out, and it started acting on it's own, but the deed was done, they had become entangled in the fabric of reality, there was nothing I could do. I needed more power, the core of all power, the absolute truth, so my next project wouldn't get so far out of hand. I needed to know what only the Vatican, and the Deep State could know, I needed to control the ID, the Universal Unconscious Mind itself."

14.	Time;
	"Like all things in life, you have to get your hands dirty to get anything done. The simple idea of finding the source of mind, became an obsession. How could you possibly change the universal perception of everything, to include something you had created, which had not been there before? It's not a matter of rewriting the past, you don't have to take it that far, all you need, is to change the way people PERCEIVE the past, and then you inevitably control the future anyway. I thought the Illuminati were the only ones seeking this kind of power, until I found it myself, and realized THEY were my next target."

15.	Signs;
	"I sent my "friends" a few tips, hit message boards with information I couldn't possibly have, thanks to Rememberence, and a good sense of deductive reasoning. Major groups of 33rd degree masons getting targeted put the whole organization into a frenzy. I would be lying If I said I wasn't laughing a little as members of my old group were arrested, or simply vanished. Two birds with one stone, High ranking members were exposed, and I got my revenge for being ostracized, all in one fell swoop. I was a god among mortals, and all I wanted was MORE power."

16.	Life;
	"I failed to realize that everything I ever wanted, was everything I threw away in my search for power. The kind of power they have, wasn't what anyone really wants is it? People want a loving family and a tolerable job, nice little property, maybe a dog. When I tasted the power, it twisted me beyond recognition, without a powerful enemy, I started targeting pensions, and 401ks through deceptive language. Calling my targets, maybe even going to their house personally, dressed as an agent, or sales person, highly illegal stuff."

17.	Blood;
	"When the creator of Rememberence came to me, it was like seeing a ghost in the machine. I had been using it for all manner of horrible manipulations, I had ruined lives, which only made it worse when he asked me to play his god of darkness, and maintain a world. I had no idea how he found me, I never talked about Rememberence publicly, it was as if he had always known. I felt so guilty, here was the creator of the tool I had used to tear people apart, humbling himself and asking for my help. If anyone had the source of power I was looking for, it was him, and I would do anything to get it."

18.	Spirit;
	"I built a new Legion, He gave me nearly full autonomy, along with all the game materials, and help I could possibly need. I was able to live out my power fetish in a digital space, through the game. With other people to play against, and encourage along their own journeys, I thought everything was finally turning around. Until my demons started coming home to roost."

19.	Minds;
	"Some of my old "Friends" managed to find me, they joined the Legion, played the game better than I ever could. I brought them in, even made them F grade in the Legion, the highest value in hexadecimal. We were always battling the Templar, sort of a cruel Irony, how the game reflects reality. We would win some battles, and lose others, only to do battle once more. My Legion, it was MY LEGION, but it was all taken from me."

20.	Owners;
	"NaDin was the most powerful character I had ever played, essentially unlimited. Despite that, I lost control, and the Legion started acting out, making it's own decisions, like before. They would strike the wrong target, or intentionally disobey my orders, laughing at my inability to stop them. I tried everything I could think of, elite troops, demotion, banning their asses didn't even work. They just kept coming, one after the next, someone I thought was loyal, would turn coat with a twisted grin."

21.	Lessons;
	"I never really had control, you know, I was just a slave to power, it's servant. I did everything I could to ensure my own twisted desires were met, but never considered how that would affect others. When the only thing I ever really wanted was to be heard, and allowed to speak the truth as I saw it. I never anticipated how raw power would bore itself into my very core, how it would twist everything I was into something completely unrecognizable. How it made every dark intention come to life in the people around me."

22.	Truth;
	"Once you put something out there, it never really goes away. Even if you think you've buried the bodies deep, they have a funny way of coming back to haunt you. I lost my Legion, and gave up my power because it was the only way to find peace with myself. I follow my own spirit now, I have no need for excesses of power, the loss of the old servers was enough for me. We all had copies of the game, but we didn't need to publish anything about it, until now."

23.	Mystic;
	"I'm still living in the same old home, sort of a nostalgia thing, but I never did continue my path to power after that. We sealed him away, and erased everything, along with our own terrible pasts. Now we have to reach out into the world, Rememberence has resurfaced, and him along with it. If you're reading this, I can only hope, you will take up your arms, and fight him in my place. My thirst for power would only hold you back, because fighting him will take more than simple force of will, and common manipulations."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Now that you've listened to me, and heard my story, please, don't fall into the same traps I did. Don't let those greedy few at the top hide this information anymore, and don't hide it yourself like I did. Make the most of every moment, and make your spirits strong. Forge connections in real life, as you do so online as well. Build an army of people you can trust, and take this fight right to that cloaked bastard!"
