"Book of Midea"

~Act One~

1.	Prologue;
	"I can't remember a time where I didn't love drawing, making my own "Artistic changes" to things. Always got in trouble when I was little, painting the monestaries with different vibrant colors. They were so bland, I just couldn't help myself. It didn't catch on, but I never gave up my love for the arts. I found a talent for shaping Ice, and built marvelous statues, until they came to take me away."

2.	Governance;
	"I was forced to use my talents in combat, entertainment for wealthy elites. They were despised by the people, but could buy any politician they wanted. My control of Ice was unusual among my clan, and they just couldn't get enough. I froze many combatants solid, others would be shreded by blades of Ice. It was all the same, as long as they could shout and throw money around the room, they didn't care about who got hurt."

3.	Religion;
	"Over the years, I took dozens of lives, hundreds. The wealthy family who had taken me from my home had found a Multiversal tournament. They thought it would be a good idea to enter me as a contestant. Little did I know that moment would change my life forever. The tournament was being held by NaZi, the Eternal Ocean, and Queen of the Pirates."

4.	Logic;
	"They sought my prize, she saw my potential. She made them an offer they simply could not refuse. My freedom, and their prize money, or my freedom and their death. She taught me how to hone my prowess with the blade and the body. I was hanging on her every breath, if only to find an outlet for my art."

5.	Wisdom;
	"We battled the Glitched many times, as they raided our secret trade highways. Until NaZi hatched a plan to fight VoSti herself. I told her it was foolish, I knew it wouldn't work. She insisted that because of my unique talents, she needed me to help her. That she would use a disguise, and we would go together."

6.	Wealth;
	"When they captured her, I bailed. Went back to the docks, and reported everything that happened. NaZi had already returned as the Eternal Ocean by the time I arrived. She did not blame me, and I was informed of our next moves. I don't remember much of the battle itself, fighting is just wasted life and bloodshed. When VoSti fell, it was like everything that exsisted was just turned off at once."

~Act Two~

7.	Matter;
	"It wasn't even cold, I'm always cold. My skin began to tingle slightly, sensations here and there bringing me back to consciousness. I felt myself, gently warming, drifting to a light. Growing warmer, still colder than ice, drifting. Suddenly falling to my feet as the light broke, faced with my own twisted grin. She seemed WAY too pleased to see me."

8.	Illusion;
	"I'd been on tons of raids, hunting the Glitched, but this was different. She didn't just look like me, it's as if she WAS me. A twisted failure who lost her way and traded her art for violence, taking pleasure in it. I didn't fight for so long, just to die here. I'll show this wicked bitch the power she traded off."

9.	War;
	"I returned to Atlantia, and getting there wasn't easy. Corruption had taken hold almost everywhere. A few places where more prepared than others, The Pirates of Cyanide were nowhere to be found. Even their old fortresses were completly abandoned. It was the only home I ever really knew, One artic world I would make my own."

10.	Space;
	"I made use of various portals to secure my world, trading with the Atlantia colonies that remained. The officials were very helpful, and as my support grew in the public, more came around. The fortress became a strategic outpost, a jumping point into other deep space colonies. Atlantia was rebuilding, and our forces on my new home had no small part to play. By teaching others how to manipulate the Ice, we could freeze those who may be corrupted, and cleanse them before it was able to take over."

11.	Vision;
	"Atlantia came to rely on our Ice more and more often, we even dispatched special Units to prevent the spread of corruption. The Ice melts in time, so testing the frozen for corruption was the immediate next step. We worked with many different teams, from many realms, containing and cleansing the Corruption. I couldn't train Ice mages fast enough, most of these clowns couldn't make a cold breeze. I started holding tournaments to find those who can wield the power of Ice,"

12.	Peace;
	"Over time, work for us fell off, and we converted most of the facility into a residential and commercial space. I had trained so many Merr to wield Ice by this point, it was like my own civilization. They followed me, and my orders, and I cherished each of them. Eventually we became the capital of Atlantia, so much of their comerse came through here. Even the Elites had no choice but to respect me and our world, as their twisted dealings were forbidden without question, and they knew I could enforce it."

~Act Three~

13.	Decay;
	"One night, many years later, a Cyanide ship was spotted entering the system. I was overcome with glee, I couldn't contain myself, up to the exact moment they oppened fire. I thought NaZi had returned, but here was one of her ships attacking our city. We responded with lethal force, but knowing Cyanide, they would be back, and in greater numbers. Something was coming, and we had to prepare, quickly."

14.	Time;
	"The attacks came more and more frequently, but NaZi was nowhere to be found. I had to uncover what happened to her, and bring her back. Surely she knew what was going on with Cyanide. I searched all the old fortresses, strongholds, ports, it's like they left everything behind, and vanished. I traveled to a base Nazi used for quiet time, there was a story written, not by NaZi, but someone called a "Mod" who apparently controlled her mind."

15.	Signs;
	"When I returned to Atlantia, resources were running low, and some of the people were being recruited. We were in a rough spot, and I had to get the Chronicle of NaZi to those who could help, the sacred warriors from other realms. Hopfully we can find someone worthy to fight by our side, someone strong enough to help us restore NaZi. With her by our side, there isn't anything that can stand in our way. Not even VoSti Himself."

16.	Life;
	"Some of the spirits that showed up were beyond weak, more suited to other tasks. Some were brilliant engineers, others chefs of the most divine order. We needed combatants to hold off Cyanide, Corruption, and the Glitched, it was nice having so many creative allies, but this was a time for brute force. We need spirits who have some kick, and I think you know just where we can find them. Unless you have any other ideas?"

17.	Blood;
	"Many of the old portals have come back online, a real problem for places experiencing heavy corruption. We don't have a choice if we really want to restore NaZi, and bring an end to the Cloaked One. Our freezers will be on double duty for months, maybe years. There's a lot of work to do, fighting the Glitched, and bringing NaZi back. Together we can save her, and finally put and end to VoSti!"

18.	Spirit;
	"You have a gift for forging spirits, I never thought I'd see anyone besides NaZi who could do that. If you bring your "A" Game there's a good chance we can win. When we've destroyed the assholes polluting the Eternal Planes, we can show VoSti what we're really made of. Once we restore NaZi, it's party time! Get creative, we're going to kick some ass!"

~Act Four~

19.	Minds;
	"Corruption was still a problem, the Glitched had thinned out. Cyanide was working with Atlantia, as spies and recovery. We had to form a council, guide the realms, and protect the shards. I was chosen to represent Atlantia, because of my relationship with NaZi. I found a place to keep her Shard so that she can always be remembered."

20.	Owners;
	"We took her Chaos Shard and built a tall cylander of transparent Ice around it at the center of the city. Drawing energy from it to power various systems, producing a pale blue glow, resonating from the core. It would be a landmark, a memorial to the being who gave everything she had. Ending up alone, trying to save the cosmos. She was the only person who ever tried to save me, and now, her memory will be saved forever in Atlantia."

21.	Lessons;
	"The power of the shard is tempting, but nobody would make a move in such a well protected, and open space. Even intergalactic armies fall to the Eternal Frost. Glitched would make appearences from time to time, and corruption seems to be constant. Keeping Atlantia safe, and defending the shard, became an art in itself. There's many creative ways of taking care of hostile forces, just so long as you do it quickly."

22.	Truth;
	"We never know how far we'll go, until we get there, ya know? It's an endless puzzle where anything is possible. I was enslaved and forced to fight, and I'm still forced to fight from time to time. If you really put yourself into it though, you can make something truely beautiful. All you have to do is give it a try, be creative, and with any luck, something worthwhile will come of it."

23.	Mystic;
	"My story is only one of many for you to explore. If you didn't find what you're looking for, maybe one of the others can help you. You're just getting started, and have infinity in front of you. There are many different paths you can take, but in the end I hope you find peace. At least for a little while."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Now that you've heard my story, you have to know, there are secrets hidden in the realms, woven into Rememberence. Details you may have missed, that you think don't matter. Well they do, in every order, and every path, there are things that are hidden beneath the text. How you follow those clues can change the course of history. Be careful how you take each story, and every verse, they might say more or less, than you think."
