"VoSti"

~Welcome to Rememberence~


1.	Prologue;
	"I started playing this "Game" before anyone else picked it up, the first survivor if you will. That's a bit hyperbolic, but I guess it's true, Started playing long before any of the astrology was implemented. Yeah, so that's how you know I've been involved with the Ideas that built it. I was there when it was written, played a hand you might say. Little did I know it become what it did."

2.	Governance;
	"It didn't start getting unusual before the astrology was added in, sure there were weird things like thumping at night, but when you live in a trailer it could be anything. Jokingly I decided to play along, making my own character in the game, my very own "Spirit." I figured because of the weird things that happened around my house I'd make it a Phantom, Ghost. Spitting in the face of my own signs, which placed me elsewhere on the chart. Joking, hell mocking, what I thought was going to be a fun little experience."

3.	Religion;
	"A couple weeks went by without incident, as I played the game off and on. Make a pact with some demons, sell some spirits to a ghoul for power, you know, Board game stuff. Things changed on the third week, the thumping wasn't just a knock here or there, but always three knocks right beneath my bed, in rapid succession. Scared me sober real quick, but I was in, it was too late. I knew he was there, and that he would only get stronger over time, I helped make this game, I knew the rules."

4.	Logic;
	"I had read about it, but I didn't want to believe it. Thoughtforms, Engrams, Memes, these things have some sort of metaphysical hold on us. Whether we believe them consciously or not is irrelevant, it's our feelings which give them power. The reaction they invoke when a beloved character dies, or when you laugh at something you know you shouldn't. Now there was Rememberence too."

5.	Wisdom;
	"I started linking with other players who had similar experiences, sharing our ghost stories. I don't think Jumanji was meant to be taken seriously when it was written, but the story takes on a whole new meaning now. Everything from transparent people walking through walls, to pets literally running up them. Children speaking to "Imaginary" friends, only to hear them repeating things that happened in game. To meeting people who match the "Spirits" personality wise 1-1."

6.	Wealth;
	"With the help of other players I found I was able to keep my spirit at bay. I was being punished by a bad joke, always having to keep him at my side consciously, least he run amok. Joining Parties, Groups of players in a single game, and using worlds created by others, helped a lot. I failed to realize what I was doing, long before it was too late. Still I played Rememberence, and the relationships I forged there are invaluable to me."

7.	Matter;
	"It started out as small acts of mischief, Raiding someone's fortress, Blowing up a farm, but things started escalating quickly. I built my spirit to be the CHEAPEST SOB in the game. Mimic, summon, vanish, a trifecta of the most unpleasant abilities to fight. it turned out that it worked, REALLY well, too well. I started by conquering some smaller worlds, taking them from players, rather than generating my own. Nobody could beat me, I would just wait, and force them to fight themselves indefinitely, until they finally ran out of strength."

8.	Illusion;
	"More, I needed more. It wasn't enough to tackle other players, hundreds of levels above me, I had to progress faster somehow. I devised the ultimate plan of attack, I would harness the world gods, and become the Master of Realms. That translated horribly to my personal life, as you could imagine, drunk 20 something, completely glued to his computer, playing a table top game online, it's ridiculous when you think about it. I kept playing though, and Every time I would take something over, the buzz I would get from that, nothing compares really. Knowing that I got to ruin someone's game, and obviously they could just kick me, and restart everything, but I was more sophisticated than that."

9.	War;
	"The game itself is designed with a fail safe for this very thing, Erase a spirit from the map, and all their contributions, then poof, map's clean. If they REFUSE to leave, and keep coming back, the map can be split into multiple timelines, but this wasn't enough to contain me. I worked my way into the map servers slowly, building cities, and contributing offspring to nearby player encampments. Playing nice by any discernable standard, always waiting to amass enough power and influence to finally make my move. Before finally sealing away the World Spirits, and stealing their power, setting my sights ultimately on the 6 Eternal Elementals."

10.	Space;
	"The more of a problem I became, the more the Mods took notice. It started with the earth elemental sending a Unit tier Icon after me. When I slaughtered it handily, they took a different approach. I was being ignored, and ostracized, rightly so Looking back on it now, but this infuriated me to no end. After all, I was the best player in the game, not even a ~MOD~ could beat me, or so I thought."

11.	Vision;
	"I wasn't even contemplating the scope of things, the gravitas didn't hit me until much later. I wasn't so much playing the game anymore, as the game was playing me, I really lost myself to it. Had I only used my own signs first, maybe all this could have been avoided. In some sense, it was always going to happen, if not me, then someone else would have tried to break this cursed game. Everything that happens around the people who play it, was preordained by the game itself anyway."

12.	Peace;
	"Before long I started noticing other things from the game overlaying reality. I developed an acute ability to notice and identify with another person's behavior. It was like my spirit was acting through me in many ways. If I was feeling uncomfortable, it was like suddenly everyone would start ignoring me, or I would take small trinkets from people just to see if I could get away with it, It was terrible. Being essentially barred from the main worlds took it's toll on me, the low population maps I could still get to, were essentially worthless for advancing my goals, so I started acting out those traits in reality."

13.	Decay;
	"I was drinking rather heavily, barely keeping my job. It was like the spirit had control of my whole life, when all I wanted was to take this game for a ride. It started turning into more and more complex server raids, where secret members of my faction would filter into a map gradually over weeks. Suddenly springing up in every city, triggering the mods, and forcing them into a scramble banning players wreaking havoc. Leaving the higher maps open for short periods of time, unprotected."

14.	Time;
	"It took months to actually expose the primary maps long enough to clone the elementals. Even in boughs of chaos the 6 elementals where who I was dealing with. The people controlling them have "divine" permissions, and can ban anyone they like. They made a mistake however, they thought it was only a game. The raids wore them down, and my perpetual assaults eventually eroded their will to keep stopping me."

15.	Signs;
	"That's when it grew beyond my control, I couldn't contain him anymore. The mods themselves eventually came to me privately. Telling me how the things I was doing were ruining their lives, being so involved with the front work of the game at the time. I had realized I was drinking too much, and when they sought me out, it flicked a switch in me. I had to start the game over, but much like life, it's just never that easy."

16.	Life;
	"I finally made a spirit for my own signs, despite being such a prick up to this point. Everything around me was falling apart, and I just wanted to do anything I could to make it better. It worked at first, the apology went over well with the mods, and some of the larger community, always inviting to everyone. My old faction, argued, and argued with me to play VoSti again. I insisted they disband, and that I was done with the manipulation, but they refused because they couldn't let HIM go."

17.	Blood;
	"My life had turned around, and things were going rather well until the raids started. I got blamed of course, and I had to explain VoSti had been taken over, and who ever had him now, it was beyond my control. There was nothing I could do to convince them, I was given a mandatory quest you could say, Clean up my own damn mess. I went through hundreds of versions of my spirit, building it back up from base, making it better, stronger. I knew I couldn't focus on my stats, There's WAY more to this game than that, I had to get creative."

18.	Spirit;
	"We threw everything We had at him, Legions of self spawning demons, Angelic Trolls, Massive constructs designed to destroy distant worlds. Somehow, "The Glitched" as they came to be known, were able to predict our every single move. Infiltration was a bust, because their maps were so well secured, We had to develop advanced weaponry, resorting to quantum targeting systems. We're talking some serious HooDoo here. We intended to erase the whole game, sealing VoSti with the 6 eternal elementals, and leaving this whole thing behind us forever.

19.	Minds;
	"Things never do go quite as planned do they? It was almost like I was being played the whole time. It's like he chose me that very first day, molded me into the sick bastard I became, and stole from me the redemption I so desperately craved. I gathered the 6 elementals for him, handed them over on a platter. I don't think anyone really expected what happened next."

20.	Owners;
	"We conducted our raid, distracting the Glitched, entered the temple where he stood, and found no user key, no log in information, no authentication, a literal ghost in the machine. I don't think it really hit me what happened until he spoke. He said to us that, uh... "Your worlds will be next," It's not like he was typing or anything, it was more like the game was speaking for itself. It freaked us all out so bad, we sealed him with the eternal elements, and started deleting EVERYTHING, but mid way through, all the servers went down at once."

21.	Lessons;
	"I made this monster of twisted desires, and thought I had rid myself of him, when we restarted the servers they were all empty. No games, no maps, nothing, wiped clean. My life was fine until I found out that Rememberence had taken on a life of it's own. Little bits of it being spun through out the internet, whether purposeful or not. I know now that I don't deserve redemption, or recognition. All I want is for a better person than I am, to come to Rememberence, and finally stop him."

22.	Truth;
	"I don't think I was ever really in a position to stop him, I was just the easiest path for him to travel. I took it for granted that it was just some game which couldn't effect me, but didn't realize, until I had already made far too many mistakes, that there are real people on the other side. That these spirits we create might have their own will as well, their own aspirations. No matter how hard I've tried, I could never really "Delete" my time playing Rememberence, nor the effects it's had on me."

23.	Mystic;
	"VoSti still draws on the gods, that seal will only contain him for so long. I've come to realize that even though I lost myself to him once, I found who I really was along the way. I can't participate in this battle, it's not for me to control him. He has changed over time, in ways even he himself wouldn't know. Now he's the common foe for all to test their might, a shared nemesis against which players can set themselves."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I never stopped playing Rememberence really, it gradually became a part of my everyday life. Seeing it reflected in the world around me, the beauty and wonder of it all, absolutely breathtaking. All we can do is avoid making the same mistakes twice. Leave our dead to rest, until such time when they are to be respectfully remembered. Please, do one thing for me, bring VoSti to his knees, because somehow, I know that only YOU can."
