"NaWi"

~The Blaze of Desire~


1.	Prologue;
	"I wasn't expecting any visitors, but if you really want to know what happened to me. I can't just tell you, that would be too simple. I'm bound by the rules of these texts to give you a journey of self discovery. Can't have a game without a story right? That would be FAR too boring for someone like you, wouldn't it?"

2.	Governance;
	"It's already inside you, you know? Rememberence, and everything surrounding it, already woven into every, little, bit, of you. The sun rises as Avious song and harvest plants molt their leaves under the Holy light of the moon. Everything you've ever seen, every breath you take, and everything you've ever dreamed. Right at your fingertips, even if it's a slow ride."

3.	Religion;
	"Have you ever danced with the flame? Watching the embers burn as you twist in circles around the fire? Nothing compares, absolute freedom that, like the flame, dies far too quickly. Playing a game is like that too, dancing with the mechanics to get to the goal. A passionate thirst for victory driving your progress and improvement."

4.	Logic;
	"You've only just arrived, I still have much to reveal. Rest your weary head, and let me show you what is in store for you. Should you choose to proceed unwise of your situation, you will only face consecutive failures. Once our spirits touch you can never forget my embrace. Once we intertwine, you will never forget Inferno."

5.	Wisdom;
	"I began Rememberence when I was 19, I was working at a strip club, serving drinks. Do you have any IDEA what that's like for a young woman??? I was molested, harassed, and sure they got kicked out, but there would always be that one fucking asshole the next night. I found a game on the internet, that seemed like it might be interesting. I was in for more than I bargained for."

6.	Wealth;
	"I never really fit in with the other girls. Like we came from different worlds. I was only working there to pay for my books, and the room I was sharing with some quiet awkward chick. I eventually got her to play Rememberence, but it didn't last long. She decided it was too triggering for her, and had to put it down."

7.	Matter;
	"I was meeting online with other players long before I ever got involved with anything major. Just random little squads, doing their thing. I didn't even know some grand scheme was out there. Just waiting for us to discover. I played flames, and I played raids, that was Rememberence for me.

8.	Illusion;
	"I don't have any ghost stories, I don't have special powers. Unless, of course, you include my power over men. Rememberence opened the door that let me own that power. Helped me make it my own. The next time a guy grabbed my ass, NOT ALLOWED, club policy, I kicked him straight in the teeth."

9.	War;
	"He tried to swing on me, I let my back foot collapse, and dropped to the floor, remembering patterns from the game. The moment I was crotch level, I punched him with everything my already small, collapsed frame could manage, Corner Lateral. I must have hit him harder than I thought, because the front of his pants soaked with blood almost immediately as he collapsed to the floor with a squeak. I was fired on the spot and told to get out of there, I heard people saying he was going to die. I ran out of the back as fast as I could, never even bothered to see if he survived."

10.	Space;
	"It's not just that it gets into you, and moves you. It's that you like it, and if you use it properly, it's a valuable tool. In the wrong hands however, well, you would simply be dust by now. I run my own club, named my faction after it, "Club Inferno" All the best dancers, all the best drinks, all over the table."

11.	Vision;
	"It was Rememberence that helped me do that, the spirits come and go, but Infernos always blaze. We were dancers, and mobsters, The Inferno were like a family to me. We would build fortresses in strategic zones, and rent them out for protections. If they didn't pay up, we'd sink 'em."

12.	Peace;
	"The business was going well, raking in dough. Despite various factional conflicts, The Inferno were secure in our "Assets." I was invited to play NaWi by the creator of Rememberence, only after a year of playing. Said I could bring my faction with me, and we would represent the plane of Fire. I was way more ecstatic than I should have been, I didn't even reply for hours because I didn't know what to say."

13.	Decay;
	"With the power of a God I could play all manner of interesting tricks. We started building brothels in various worlds, strictly breeding grounds. I wanted a sample of all the other factions. We would produce children without the knowledge of the customer, and diffuse them for shards immediately. This was never a problem until the Glitch stole a few of my set ups."

14.	Time;
	"We had to scramble all our boys to the impact zones, it was a bloodbath. They had taken everything from the breeding sites, tech, essence, shards, everything. All that was left was a crumbled mess of useless debris. They were there and gone faster than we could organize. They knew where to hit us, and exactly what to take."

15.	Signs;
	"We started working with Crusher, and Legion more often, taking advantage of their capabilities. The Glitched were always ten steps ahead of us. In the process of rebuilding one location, and another location would be destroyed. As we'd be invaded, our own troops would turn against us. Nothing we did mattered in the end."

16.	Life;
	"Before I got my own place, I was on the streets. Never had any family to speak of. I went to a really dark place, selling my snatch for any swinging dick with $100. You will never really know what it's like, until you haven't eaten in days, and you're fucking some raunchy, fat, fuck, in the back of a pickup truck for dinner. Or getting plowed by an embarrassingly thin corporate type, with a dick so small you never even feel it."

17.	Blood;
	"I finally got out, but I never should have went there. Maybe I could have found a shelter or something better than, that. Had I not made that choice though, we wouldn't be having this conversation. Maybe you'd be reading the story of some other mod, for some other plane of fire. That's not how it turned out though is it?"

18.	Spirit;
	"I felt like I was on the streets again when the servers went down. Lost, empty, devoid of any meaningful purpose. It was my own spirit that kept me going, she burned like a torch in the shadows. We forged the club together, and things have been going well. Since you're here though, I don't think things went exactly as planned."

19.	Minds;
	"The night we called him to The Gateway, it was like watching the gods dance with their immortal and eternal foe. A dance of the elements clashing against a perpetual, and never ending mirror of smoke. We were frenzied in combat, as our ranks kept the plane of void still, though it quaked with every blow. By the end I didn't know if it was I who was playing NaWi, or if NaWi was simply using me to banish unrefined destructive power. At the moment we cast the seal, it was as if NaWi's warmth left my body.

20.	Owners;
	"Everything was dark for so long. All I did was sit there, leaning back in my chair. Moonlight peaking through the window. When the power came back up, I laid down, and fell asleep. I never talked about it again until now."

21.	Lessons;
	"We couldn't stop him then, and if he's come back, you won't stop him now. Take your own spirit, build your own stories. If you truly wish to face VoSti, don't take him lightly. It will take everything you got, and even then you couldn't hold a candle to that monster. You're better off making something for your own world, face your own demons.

22.	Truth;
	"For a moment there, I could almost feel NaWi, reaching to me. I don't think the gods intend for you to fight this battle alone. If you build your own armies, forge your own worlds, and face him down, there is a chance. I don't even know if restoring the gods would be enough, but it's the only thing I can think of. With their help, and enough players on their side, maybe, just maybe, you could take him down."

23.	Mystic;
	"Which ever you choose, your adventure has already begun. I hope that someone who is more wise than we once were, can put a stop to that thing. That monstrosity. Once he's had his fill of you, he just spits you out like a used rag. Reminds me of some men I know."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I thought it was all behind me, but now I see that it's only just begun. Don't try to reach me, I haven't given you enough to find my spirit. I'm sure the others were careful not to as well. We're had our time in Rememberence, now the next generation of players can take it beyond even our wildest dreams. Just, stop VoSti for me, ok?"
