"NaZi"

~Into a Sea of Madness~


1.	Prologue;
	"I'm only allowed a few hours a day to talk to people, the Clinic doesn't let me to have many visitors. We're going to have to make this quick. Everything you want to know, those missing pieces in the stories, is hidden in the gameplay. I can't really explain it other than by saying, the game takes what could be, and makes it visible. That's why I'm still here, I'm safe here."

2.	Governance;
	"Once you start catching on to how we mix tales, and spin narratives through the board and the runes, you will start putting things together. It's a matrix of probabilities after all isn't it? In these halls, I can actually do some good with the things it taught me. I may be insane, but not everyone who comes here is, and they should be set free. I would never harm them, no, no, I'm not that kind of crazy. I'm the kind of crazy that seeps into your mind and can't get back out, the kind that torments your heart, and rips at your soul."

3.	Religion;
	"I'm still in Rememberence, though I'm not allowed to have a computer. It's in my head, my heart, I see the patterns scribbled into the tormented minds around me. I'm here to comfort them and pull them back to some version of a livable reality. I show them things, as Rememberence showed me things. Not like when I was out there, always so jealous, so spiteful, a different world indeed."

4.	Logic;
	"Was it the drugs as a teen, or the abuse as a child? I don't know for sure, combination of both? The path I've followed, the hand I've been dealt, came to exactly where it should have by now. A person who had cheated her way through high school, just because she didn't care enough to try. Got back handed in the garage by her father for smoking, I'm not surprised I'm in here."

5.	Wisdom;
	"It started as a means of escape, a way to stop reality and indulge in a fantasy world. Get spun out of my gore, just playing with numbers and scenarios. I tore down all my wall paper and drew a HUGE map, started using thumbtacks to mark cities and towns. That went over well. We have to get you though my back story, so that you can start your own journey, in due time."

6.	Wealth;
	"When you leave, I want you to find your own spirit, find yourself. Make something special that you can hold on to. A simple foundation on which to base your grand narrative will be invaluable to you. There's a man in here even I avoid, he's quite mad. His strength through Rememberence is incredible, despite his never having played."

7.	Matter;
	"I don't know why he's in here exactly, he doesn't talk. I do know the guards keep their distance, and every time I see him, the darkness that surrounds him, is down right fiendish. He would scoop food into his mouth with his bare hands like an ape. Almost as if by command there's some in here who will submit their whole meals to him at a glance. He doesn't mess with me though, despite being clearly out classed physically."

8.	Illusion;
	"He's afraid of the power I have. You know, I'm almost more powerful now, as a patient in this facility, than I ever was playing NaZi in Rememberence. Now I can use it as a tool to help people recover, while my beliefs themselves, coupled with my experiences, make me a permanent resident. I know everyone here, the patients, the guards, the doctors, all of them have been brought into Rememberence by me. I've made my own little world here, where I know how things will play out, every, single, time."

9.	War;
	"It doesn't work EVERY time though, just most of the time. When a new person comes in, I have to watch them a while to read their spirit. It's like seeing their story write itself right into the room around them. Weaving the tapestry of fate with every breath. Until they take your breath away."

10.	Space;
	"New kid, Cute, but as fierce as lava and fire crackers. Called him sparky, oooooh, he hated that. He only came after me once, Three of the other patients, who I had helped silence their nightmares, stood up and broke five of his ribs along with both of his arms. It was as fast as I had the thought that I should defend myself when he rushed me. I called him sparky in front of a particularly attractive intern, and he flipped his lid. He blames me to this day for manipulating those men telepathically, but nobody believes him, understandably."

11.	Vision;
	"I learned that we could share our thoughts and impulses with others long before I ever ended up in this place. The first time I remember making something strange happen was after I lost my virginity. It was at a party, and the guy I liked was coming onto me, I couldn't resist, only to see him kissing another girl not five minutes later. When the party was winding down, I kept thinking to myself that he should get into a car accident, even helped him find his keys. He only lived four houses down, how he ended up wrapped around a freeway support beam miles away is beyond me."

12.	Peace;
	"Once you realize how your thoughts and feelings seep into other people, you'll know why this game infests your soul. It's as if you had written the words yourself, which kind of makes you, me, if you think about it. In those moments, beyond the stresses of living under the constant pressure of society, where you really connect with someone, that's where the magic happens. It's only a matter of time before you do it to someone else, and they do it to you too. In that moment, you will uncover what is most true about reality."

13.	Decay;
	"I started doing coke in my teens, any kid with the right connections can get it, don't fool yourself. It sort of drove my time with NaZi and Cyanide. I was cynical, I just wanted to be a pirate, I WAS the water god after all. I couldn't stand the way the other mods built their factions, so imperial. The creator of Rememberence suggested I play an adversarial role in the game."

14.	Time;
	"I took that bait faster than you would think. I wanted to be a thorn in everyone's side. Destroying this or that. Drug induced tirades, breaking everything I couldn't have. Taking the rest and distributing it through my fleet of warships."

15.	Signs;
	"Not until one of my ships turned on me did I suspect anything was wrong. They raised a Pyramid on a black banner, against our aqua blue and bones. Those contemptable bastards. We eventually couldn't handle the loss of supplies and ships. We narrowly escaped complete erasure at the hands of The Glitched, as they turned ship after ship against our banner."

16.	Life;
	"Cyanide isn't afraid to fight dirty though, we started playing their game. Sending people over, attempting to integrate. Most of our spies were caught promptly, except for my elite team. They nearly got to him too, almost pinned him down, they had a chance. Or, I thought they did, I found out they died of mysterious injuries in their places of residence."

17.	Blood;
	"You can't expect me to dwell on this forever. I can't control what happens outside my direct influence, and not even then. When we took on the glitched, the only way we survived was to hide among them. The way they would steal the designs of others made that a bit less complicated if only you raise the right flag. But their tight nit groups made it difficult to get close to anyone in power."

18.	Spirit;
	"We were spying on them for months, and never encountered VoSti once. He was a ghost, almost like a myth told by his followers. Even high ranking members seemed to only have heard of him in passing. We never got anything useful, when we finally decided to shut everything down, it was a leap of faith. One that has clearly been in vain, perhaps it always was."

19.	Minds;
	"I had a battle with a cheeky orc fellow wearing a disgusting mimic cloak. It was always drooling all over the place, creeped me out to no end. He was bragging as if he had gotten the damn thing from VoSti himself. I couldn't help but beat the living shit out of him. We destroyed the whole place, and alerted the security network."

20.	Owners;
	"That's when I met him the first time, when they captured me and took me to him. Like a being of desolation made manifest in crooked shadows. Neither good nor evil, he cares not for such things, only his thirst for complete destruction exists. He destroyed the spirit I was using without a second thought, and left me with only two words, "Your mind" We confronted him shortly after that."

21.	Lessons;
	"I never wanted to end up helping him, it was a mistake. By getting so close to him, I had ruined our chances of defeating him. Now he knew we could get close to him, and now had what he needed to get to us. The mind has power you can't imagine, but you can feel, like an internal presence. If only I could have let go, and put everything I had into the seal."

22.	Truth;
	"I was gifted with the sight from a very young age, and Rememberence just made it more potent. I knew I held too much back when we closed the servers. I wanted to keep everything going, so what if we had to deal with some random jackasses? I was always against killing it, and I was so envious that the others could just let go so easily. I was given a window of time to discover a means by which we could topple The Glitched, but I failed because I never really wanted to succeed."

23.	Mystic;
	"The people here, they're like the glitched. Misshapen defects, cast into a place where society can keep them safely. That's why I came here, I left a hole in the veil where a terrible power could resurface, and I deserve to pay penance. I weakened the barrier by aiming to miss, and now he's back, and you have to stop him. You came to me to know, so he must already be back, and I'm not safe here anymore..."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I have to go, I'm out of time, you've been very kind to me, but really, I have to prepare myself for when he comes for me. It's only a matter of time until he finds me. Please, If you found me, he's already coming, I'm done here, nothing more to say. You have to leave. NOW!"
