"Chapter Thirteen"

~Citadel of Woes~


1.	Prologue;
	"The long buried tombs and cities of the gods had come alive, as the portals were thrown open. Just before you arrived, things in Avalon had begun to shift, warning us of a new danger. Forces of the gods, inexplicably linked to their very souls, had risen from lengthy slumber. Broken by the anguish their progenitor surely suffers. Have you felt it, always watching, but never there?"

2.	Governance;
	"Our influence in Avalon grew as we liberated world after world, cleansed them of corruption, and rebuilt city after city. Accepting help from beyond Avalon, beings from other planes, such as yourself, came to our aid. Over time we grew strong enough for the Republic to take notice, our methods proven effective beyond a shadow of a doubt. The faction led by the Hero of Avalon gave people hope and countless worlds joined our cause. Lialin by my side, we became representitives of the cleansed worlds and were inducted into congress, though we rarely attended meetngs, our mission clear."

3.	Religion;
	"'We can't simply divulge the public on such sensitive matters!' we had elected to host congress on the world that became our headquarters, the very same I emerged on when I escaped that tower. 'It's essential that we arm our people with the tools they need to survive this threat,' the debate between disclosure and secrecy raged on. Their regal cerimonial attire contrasting our makeshift robes and patchwork meeting chamber, I prefered it that way, taking them out of their element kept them more honest. 'We will continue to liberate worlds, with or without your help,' Lialin pipped up, her voice authoritative, 'They will elect to join us, expanding our influence,' Nodding my head, 'You should be preparing your people to clense corruption on their worlds as well,' I added."

4.	Logic;
	"'What of the ruins?' Inquired the fat black and white representitive, 'NaFi left many things behind before the battle, but they've been inert for decades,' he went on. 'None of our search parties have ever returned from an expedittion,' replied another, 'Our parties haven't faired any better,' I added. Indeed these ruins were scattered throughout Avalon, hidden on distant worlds, and burried deeply. Surfacing when we joined with the gods to take down VoSti, before lying dormant when he was sealed. Only reactivating in the last couple months, filled with soldiers and machines who once served NaFi, now driven mad. I could only speculate it had something to do with VoSti diffusing the Eternal Wind, and the portals springing back to life."

5.	Wisdom;
	"Though we couldn't persuade all members, many had agreed to arm their populations with the knowledge they needed to survive. We began tracking the locations of ruins scattered through out Avalon, while we cleared corruption, and disbanded mercenaries. Despite our struggles, progress was consistent and gradual, until we found a particularly unusual location. A ruin alone in space, unmarked on any of the maps, began radiating vast ammounts of energy. Acting as a bridge to one of the fully quarantined planes of Avalon, breaching surrounding containment measures, acting like a conduit for corruption."

6.	Wealth;
	"'This might be the big one,' my Elder friend stated during one of our meetings, 'We haven't seen aything like this before' Lialin chimed in, now my star pupil and research partner. 'I've been making preparations, and the surrounding area is secure for the time being,' I added, placing my hand on hers, leaning over a table scattered with notes and hand drawn star mpas. 'It's been leaking corruption to the surrounding areas, and if we want to shut it down, we'll have to go in ourselves,' My words resonating with those in attendence. We had been preparing a containment fleet for several months, my own ship, a heavily modified mercenary cargo vessle, was loaded with enough supplies for a base camp. It was time for us to make our move, we would have answers, one way or another."

7.	Matter;
	"Lialin and I traveled together with fifteen other ships, no industrial fleet mind you, but an assortment of cargo ships, mercenary assault vehicles, and personal shuttles. We had upgraded them well beyond their normal capabilities with essences of various kinds, but we were by no means a military fleet. Approaching the ruins we were met with a tangible weight in the air, like moving through dark sticky tar. 'This isn't normal, Avian,' Lialin chirped in her sing-song way, almost to soothe herself as much as me. 'No it certainly is not,' I added as we made our way to a large flat landing zone that ringed a massive ornate cyan temple at it's center."

8.	Illusion;
	"The whole structure was nearly as large as a small moon, shaped like a massive top, a long cone-shaped structure errected from the center of the ring, with a much smaller one at it's bottom. 'It has an atmosphere,' I stated in surprise, double checking my readings, 'It has an atmosphere,' I repeated again. As our ships landed and we began setting up camp, the whole structure rumbled for a moment, before returning to it's previous state. Mechanisms on the deck moved occasionally, and we were on high alert, using our ships as shelter, and securing the surrounding area, we set to work. Mapping the deck, ventilation ports, locked doors, we needed to have everything under observation, no research teams had ever returned from an expedittion to one of these ruins, and this one was unlike any others."

9.	War;
	"Taking readings and tracking the waves of corruption eminating from inside, thretening to twist the very fabric of space around us. Corruption could only take an entity who had been destroyed, reforged in death into something dark and terrifying. The first days were long and tedious, were it not for Lialin singing, and our united mission, the air itself would have crushed our spirits under it's weight. Once we had gathered all the data we could from outside, we began preparations to enter the main citadel. Carefully approaching the main door, composed of plain grey stone, with no visible mechanism, decorated with a high archway that was etched in ornate cyan engravings."

10.	Space;
	"Raising my hands, and pushing against the door with my winds, the engravings began to glow brightly, as the heavy stone door sank into the floor. The wicked thirst for power and hatred of all things eminating from inside nearly brought us all to our knees. My mind flashed to the tower, a presence akin to VoSti himself, but different somehow, colder, with a twisted glee. Lialin, myself, and three others entered the main hall, as the rest of our landing party remained outside, Lialin began humming as the weight around us lifted somewhat. 'Aren't these ruins supposed to be crawling with NaFi's soldiers?' I thought aloud, as we marched carefully to the back of the chamber. "

11.	Vision;
	"The inside was massive, with ornate pillars stretching well into the air before connecting with the distant ceiling. Runes were etched into the walls and floor, as everything carried a dim cyan shimmer under our search lights. Multiple paths led away from the main chamber, and a set of finely carved stairs led higher into the citadel. At the back, an alter, where followers of NaFi would preach of his exploits and grandeur. With a small gust of wind, the alter came to life, glowing brightly, reflecting it's light throughout the chamber as everything glistened for a moment, before the light again faded."

12.	Peace;
	"'Try that again,' suggested a member of the team, and nodding slowly I obliged him. 'There! The wall behind the alter!' he directed us, shining his spotlight. A large stone tablet etched in cyan runes of a long forgotten tongue. 'This is incredible!' Lialin seemed enthralled by our surroundings, as the pressure of corruption around us began to grow. 'I wonder what it says,' I pondered, examining the tablet, nudging Lialin to remind her to keep humming."

13.	Decay;
	"Scanning the tablet, the runes resembled the language of magic, but somehow older, like a foreign dialect I couldn't understand. 'Let's return to camp for now,' I directed, as the team obliged and we began making our way slowly out of the chamber. A flash of cyan light began to eminate from the alter, as three Machines the size of buildings, modeled after NaFi, emerged from behind the tablet. 'Run...' I stated, while panic began to set in as the machines advanced on us rapidly, 'RUN!!!' I shouted, as everyone bolted for the exit. Turning on the spot, just beyond the door, the machines close behind, I unleashed a sphere of harsh razor winds, knocking two of the machines back into the chamber, and closing the door."

14.	Time;
	"The final machine was launched high into the air and had readied itself for a downward plunge, attacking me directly. Sending a wave of wind beneath me, knocking Lialin and the team away, launching myself backwards into the air. The machine landed powerfully stomping with both feet on the exact place we all once stood. I surged forward, straight into the machine's chest before the dust even settled, dodging as it attempted to grab me out of the air. Slashing from the side, as it rotated rapidly in place, blocking my blade, and aiming to smash me with a terrifyingly accurate kick."

15.	Signs;
	"Blocking the kick with the Falcon errupting around me, I was sent hurdleing into the side of the Citadel. Just as I made impact, the machine stumbled, a feint blue magic hand gripping it's stable leg and throwing it off balance with a sharp yank. Lialin was fighting, standing at a safe distance and pummeling the machine as she sang fists of magic into being with a fierce opera of fury and pain. Returning to my feet, I rushed the machine before it could rebound from her onslaught, my raging winds compounding her symphony. Delivering a kick with both feet and pressurized wind to the side of it's head, as Lialin struck it with a sharp right hook of magic from the other side, collapsing it's head in a sudden explosion as our magics met in the middle."

16.	Life;
	"I was sent flying across the landing plaform, shaking my head and bracing myself in the air, as Lialin caught me with a song like a gentle lulliby. The machine fell to it's knees, smoking, headless. We regrouped immediately, 'There are two more of those tings right behind the door,' Our team deliberated. 'This place is huge, there could be hundreds of them,' I suggested, 'It took two of us to bring it down, but they're not as strong as they look,' I folded my arms considering our options. 'I need to rest a minute, that took a lot out of me,' Lialin crowed, sitting with a plop on the ground."

17.	Blood;
	"While we had been training together for some time, she was not a seasoned veteran as I was, more a diplomat than a warrior, I guess in that way I completed her too. 'We're going to have to open that door again,' I insisted, 'They were protecting a tablet written in some strange variation of the magic language, I need to get a better look at it,' Turning toward the citadel, looking to it's peak, 'Another damn tower,' I whispered aloud. 'Perhaps we could use the ships,' suggested an engineer, 'We got at least five ships with enough firepower to take the door down with them,' they went on. 'We don't want to damage the citadel, it may trigger a defensive response,' thinking aloud, 'I need to open the door before you fire the cannons,' "

18.	Spirit;
	"We began preparing the ships, arranging the ones with the most firepower to aim directly at the door. Linking their cores together and feeding their engines through the weapon systems. We had cleared the debris from the first machine to give us the best shot possible. Lialin would sing a shield around our team, and I was to open the door once the ships' cannons were ready to fire. I couldn't tell from this side what lie beyond the door, but this time, we were ready."

19.	Minds;
	"Pressing my winds against the cold stone, the archway shone brightly, and the door sank into the floor. Within seconds the machines were on top of me, dodging them narrowly, as we put our plan into action. The first shot tore through the chest of one of the machines, while the other lost it's arm. I circled high above and came crashing down, slicing through it's other shoulder, landing sharply, and slicing it's leg. A second shot, and the machine was destroyed, we had done it!"

20.	Owners;
	"With no time to celebrate, several entities emerged from high in the citadel, swooping down on the team rapidly. I shot off with a powerful wind, closing the door, and rushing to cover them. There were dozens of them, each at least as strong as any of us. Lialin sang her barrier, as our team attacked them from inside. Engulfed by the Falcon I began my counter attack."

21.	Lessons;
	"One after the next the entities fell, but we were severely outnumbered. Warping from one to the next, as Lialin's barrier began to falter before collapsing entierly. Evading and counter attacking, this was no mere research team, we had trained for this mission for months. Lialin began singing her sharp opera, as blades of blue light shreded one entity after the other, nearly matching my winds blow for blow. Our team fighting with their own unique tools, it appeared victory was at hand."

22.	Truth;
	"In the chaos of our battle, one of the engineers had rigged the weapon systems through several ships' shields, activating them with deafeaning thunder crack. The dome surrounding our camp, as the engineer cheered pumping his fist in the air. We had eliminated the enemies for now, but we were far from danger. We had to regroup, bandage our wounds, and calculate a strategy moving forward. The citadel had incredible defenses, and we had to move carefully."

23.	Mystic;
	"As we enhanced out camp, with shielding and weapon systems. Drawing out a portion of Lialin's magic essence and tying it to the shields, while using a portion of my winds for the weapons. Preparing sustainable food sources, we had come fully prepared for this mission to take months, or even years. Every step of the way we fought with the corruption of the citadel. Countering it's defensive measures as we gathered data and attempted to breach the outer shell in any way we could."

24.	Epilogue;
	"These constructs were not flesh and bone, but amalgamations of essence forged by NaFi, driven mad by corruption. The machines were deconstructed and were being analized diligently, akin to the soldiers, they were composed of pure essence. Unlike anything we expected, these entities and machines seemed to be made of solid energy. We learned from them, and began atempting to cleanse them for use in our systems. Progress was slow, but before long we had everything we needed to make another atempt at the main chamber, unsure of what could lie beyond it."
