"Chapter Fourteen"

~Rising Pressure~


1.	Prologue;
	"We had to dig deeper into the realms of the gods, and uncover the truth. Searching endlessly into their domain, facing the twisted remnants of the past. If only to uncover the mystery of where they are from, and how they truely stopped him before. We found the Chronicles, stories of beings from your world who controlled the gods themselves. It is possible that you posses the same kind of divine power."

2.	Governance;
	"Lialin and I had been deliberating, considering our approach, knowing that the citadel had defensive measures. 'If more of those constructs arrive while we're examining the tablet, what should we do?' she inquired, clearly worried about the potential sucess of the mission. 'They aren't as strong as they look, perhaps we could prepare makeshift counter measures,' I responded, considering our options. We had spent several days securing our camp on the landing zone that surrounded the citadel, and were preparing for our second attempt at the main chamber. The main team would be Lialin, myself, and a makeshift walker with improvised shields and cannons."

3.	Religion;
	"Approaching the main door, pressing against it with my winds, as the archway came to life, the weapons from our camp aimed at the door, Lialin and myself at point, and the walker close behind us. The door sank into the floor, and we entered the vast chamber yet again, making our way to the tablet at the back wall. With the walker's shields using materia devised from Lialin's magic she could preserve her strength should a battle errupt. Every inch the corruption of the citadel weighing on us, as we neared the alter at the back of the chamber. The walker's flood lights shinning brightly on the tablet at the back wall, I began transcribing it's runes into a small notebook."

4.	Logic;
	"The team operating the walker on high alert as Lialin and I worked dilligently, as waves of corruption would surge through the citadel, leaving us all on edge. Sounds of ancient machines scraping within the walls, as the citadel slept ominously, thretening to spring to life at any moment. 'This part here is labeled Logic' Lialin noted, 'It's like an old dialect of the language of magic' her enthusiasm shuddered by the potential danger surrounding us. 'Do you think this may be a kind of song, or a poem perhaps?' I inquired, turning to her for a moment before returning to work. 'I think,' she paused, 'I think it's a historical record,' her voice eminating that sing-song quality, easing our nerves."

5.	Wisdom;
	"After hours of work, we had finally transcribed the runes on the tablet, and preared to exit the chamber, having not engaged the alter, we hoped to return to camp unimpeeded. 'Right, we can translate this at camp, let's go,' I directed, as Lialin gathered her notes as well, and we began making our way from the alter to the main door. The makeshift walker leading us back through the vast chamber, its lights reflecting off the massive pillars of the citadel's main chamber. The shadows bending as we continued, until a flicker of movement caught my eye around one of the pillars ahead. A burst of wind surged near the door, as it began to rise from the floor in the distance, 'MOVE!' I shouted as we advanced rapidly."

6.	Wealth;
	"Grabbing Lialin's arm, warping her into the walker, it's rudementary engines surging forward, as it's feet scrapped the floor in a shower of sparks. 'We need to go faster!' I shouted, 'This thing is more of a turret than a ship, it's not built for this!' retorted the enginer. We rode in the chest cavity of the walker, now six of us crampped together in the miniscule space, as the pilot tried desperately to keep it upright.  The scanners began reading multiple hostile units closing on us froom around the chamber, nearing the now half closed door. With a heavy sigh, I warped outside, bracing myself under the walker between it's legs, and lifting with all my might, the Falcon errupting, as fierce winds surged from my feet."

7.	Matter;
	"Coupled with my magic, the walker's engines easing my burden, I unleashed a final burst of vicious wind beneath me, and thrust the walker through the remaining gap above the door as it sealed behind them. Landing on the floor of the chamber, now engulfed in darkness and the full weight of the citadel's corruption, I braced myself for combat. Shinning the small light I carried around the room, there was motion in the shadows as the weight of the air pressured me to submit beneath it. A loud scraping came from behind me, three of the smaller entities from before rushed at me with incredible speed. Dodging into the air I fired several blades of wind down on them, as they surged upward to catch me in the air, blocking their strikes and responding with my own as we fell from the air."

8.	Illusion;
	"One after the next, I was attacked, destroying them each as I struggled against the weight of the air, and the fierce onslaught. 'Why only the small ones?' I thought to myself, defending against a harsh kick aimed for my head, and slashing the entity in half. 'These things wouldn't even disrupt the scanners,' One after the next, piles of corpses began to mount around me. 'I need to reach the door,' Moving as quickly as I could manage while defending myself, my heart sank. Two of the machines from before stood beside another one nearly ten times the size, blocking the door, preventing my escape, 'Oh come on...'"

9.	War;
	"If I opened the door, these things would pour out onto the landing deck, putting Lialin and the whole team in danger, If I didn't open the door, I would surely be overwhelmed and fall to corruption. The twisted face of my shadow flashed through my mind as the Falcon errupted around me, scattering the smaller entities and shredding them to pieces. I rushed the machine on the left, aiming for it's neck with a ring of razor sharp winds surrounding me, as they began to lower teir head, dodging me narrowly. Tilting and pushing off the wall behind them, I shot straight through their chest at ultrasonic speed, raging winds engulfing me, as the tallest machine shot a fist, at least the size of one of our ships, down at me. I had destroyed one, but the smaller machine remaining surged to the side and began launching razor sharp winds akin to my own from a distance, as I launched myself back, away from the massive fist as it crashed into the floor."

10.	Space;
	"Dodging wind blasts and attempting to avoid the massive machine's attacks, I was running out of energy. These automatons are empty shells set to defend the citadel, and I was an invader here, with nobody to defend but myself. The corruption eminating from these machines, and filling the air, made every movement a struggle against my own psyche. I had to end this, as a flicker of dust I emerged behind the smaller machine, placing my hand on it's back, and detonating a compressed ball of wind inside it, blowing out the front like a cannonball of gas. All that remained was the larger machine, surging forward and attacking it's legs as it tried to stomp me into the floor, I wasn't prepared for it to match my winds with a sudden burst, surrounding it, as I was thrown back, and the door began to open."

11.	Vision;
	"Colliding with one of the pillars, knocking the wind out of me, the massive machine advanced with astonishing speed. Gathering myself and warping behind it just before it hit the pillar behind me, I fired blade after blade of sharp winds into it's back betwen gasps as I made my way to the door. 'GET DOWN!' Lialin's voice echoed in my head, as the door lowered, and the cannons from camp charged a devastating blast. Warping to the floor, still gasping sharply, gathering my breath, the machine turned rapidly and lunged at me, pulverizing the floor like a machine gun of fists striking around me as I struggled to evade. With a final surge of energy, I launched myself through the door, at the very moment the cannons fired a jet of plasma straight into the massive machine."

12.	Peace;
	"I had cleared the door, and in a massive explosion, I was launched toward the camp, exhausted, wounded. The massive machine stood, hand outstretched, a disk of wind spiraling like a shield before it. The cannons had failed to damage it, and our team began firing blast after blast, while Lialin rushed over to me, and began mending my wounds. 'Hang on Avian, I got you!' she cried as she sang her magic into my wounds, pulling my flesh together, rebreaking my bones and setting them. I was screaming in pain as she worked as quickly as she could, and our strongest members rushed the machine while our engineers fired blast after blast attempting to bring it down."

13.	Decay;
	"Cracking my ribs back into place, I coughed up a small ammount of blood, 'We have to close the door,' I gasped, struggling to my feet. 'Don't move, I'm not finished yet,' Lialin insisted, 'If you don't stop, you'll die!' she cried. I couldn't just let them die, protecting me, protecting Lialin, there was too much at stake, I had to act, and quickly, before my body surrendered to its wounds. With a sudden surge of wind, I warpped myself beneath the machine, beside the open door, as out team kept it's attention, and I chocked on my own blood. With every drop of strength I had remaining, the Falcon errupted around me and like a hurricane of desperation I slammed my fists into the ground, sending a massive blade of wind between the legs of the machine, cleaving it halfway up its torso, while the door began to close, and my vision faded to black."

14.	Time;
	"Searing pain, and flickering lights, my own face twisted with glee, 'I killed her... I killed her...' A legless child dragging their intestines unable to plead for help as the life drained from their face. Avelin, dear Avelin, stitched together, reaching for my heart. An aged soldier fading to dust. Lialin, crying desperately, trying to sing me back together."

15.	Signs;
	"Blinking under blinding lights, I was in some kind of hospital, the sound of monitering devices beaping gently. I forced myself upright in the bed, my head pounding, my whole body aching and heavy. A small Angelic woman, wings of light drifting behind her, a shimmering halo abover her head, 'Ah! You're finally awake!' she chimed. 'You're lucky to be alive,' she added, calmly checking my vitals. 'Where am I?' I askked, my voice barely whispering as every breath burned my lungs, 'You are a long way from home,' she replied, 'Just get some rest,' touching my arm for a moment, as she exited the room."

16.	Life;
	"More nightmares, and little sleep, I shot awake in the foreign medical room. The pain far less than before, my mind suddenly shifting to Lialin and my team. Fear, and shock, thoughts racing as the knots in my stomach solidified. I shot out of bed, and rushed to the door, as the nurse returned, Lialin close behind her. 'You're alive!' She cried, puncing me and holding me tightly, 'You're alive! You're alive! You're Alive!' she repeated over and over through heavy tears."

17.	Blood;
	"Embracing her tightly, 'What happened?' I askked, rocking slightly from the pain, relieved to see her alive. 'After your last attack the machine couldn't fight back,' she replied through tears. 'You were too badly injured, I was barely able to stop the internal bleeding,' my heart heavy seeing her tear filled eyes. 'What about our team? did they escape?' I askked, fearing te worst, 'Don't worry about that now,' interrupted the Angel nurse. 'You need to get your rest,' she continued, ushering me to the bed, as Lialin sat beside me."

18.	Spirit;
	"Lialin stayed by my side for days on end, as the Angels who ran the facility did their best to rehabilitate me. I had taken far more damage than I realized, pushing my own winds to their limits as they shreded my body in turn. I eventually heard from the team who had left the corrupt citadel, and quarantined the sector. Shortly after the battle, they loaded me into my cargo vessle, as Lialin sang for days, barely keeping me alive. At Lialin's request we were sent through a portal to another plane when it was determined that Avalon lacked the medical science or magic to save me."

19.	Minds;
	"As I worked to recover my strength, we eventually returned to Avalon, the looming threat of corruption present even in the Angel's world, spoken of in hushed whispers. 'Thank you for all your help,' Lialin spoke to the director of the facility as we readied ourselves to cross the portal. 'Don't worry about it youngling, we live to serve,' the ageless male Angel bowed to her with a smile. As she hooked my arm, and we entered the archway, falling through time and space before walking through to our headquarters on the other side. The whole team was there, greeting me with jubilation, 'You really kicked ass back there!' One cheered, 'We would have been gonners!' interjected another, 'We have the sector secured,' added another."

20.	Owners;
	"'The mission was a failure,' I sighed, still half whispering as my lungs remained dry and aching. 'No, it wasn't,' replied my old friend, 'You returned from one of the ruins, and better yet, you brought many things back,' To my suprise he was right, We had the transcriptions of the tablet, and materials gathered from the machines. We were the first team to survive a mission to uncover the mystery of the ruins, if only by a narrow margin. With proper preperation, and enough firepower, it may be possible to study them, and uncover the secrets of how to defeat VoSti, once and for all."

21.	Lessons;
	"We began translating the tablet, and reverse engineering the constructs of NaFi, sending armed units composed of soldiers and reseachers to various ruins. The Tablet referred to our worlds as a Game, like the story of a being from beyond even the Gateway, with little to no power of their own. Yet somehow, they were able to control the power of NaFi, and used him to build the very machines that nealy killed us. As the supposed game bled into their reality, like some kind of invisible tether bound their world to ours. There was no way it was all merely some simple game, the Tablet spoke of the battle with VoSti, and the blackness the occured when he was sealed."

22.	Truth;
	"Like the whispers of a dream, mirroring my research into essence, was there something to this? Why would such an artifact speak of our worlds as if they never really existed? I couldn't bring myself to believe it, I had grown up within them, as had countless others. Could all our worlds have merely been the fever dreams of, as the tablet put it, 'Stoners'? Why would such a story even reside in the citadel, It made no sense to me."

23.	Mystic;
	"Perhaps there was some kind of code, or hidden meaning we had yet to uncover, but through all our interpretations one thing remained. The battle to seal VoSti was the last ditch effort of a bunch of ignorant young adults doing the only thing they could think of. A desperate attempt to put a stop to a monster they knew nothing about, to save their own world from a danger they couldn't understand. For all our efforts, we knew less now than when we entered the citadel, left with more questions than answers. It was up to us to find a way to put him down for good, once and for all."

24.	Epilogue;
	"It was in the final passage labeled 'Epilogue' that my blood ran cold. 'Take VoSti as a direct threat to the balance of cosmic order itself, a massive grinder ready to consume heaven and hell just the same,' The realization that even beings who could control the gods feard the force of chaos known as the Cloaked One, threatened to crush all hope. It was only in knowing they were mere civillians, without a clue what they were dealing with, that the potential for victory existed. If only we had enough information, perhaps, maybe, just maybe, we could succeed where they had failed all those years ago."
