"Chapter Fifteen"

~Glorious Pain~


1.	Prologue;
	"There are many more from your world who can help us. Some may be nervous and unsure, advise them gently. Others may be confused as to their nature, guide them through Rememberence with a steady hand. We must forge new bonds, and build our worlds, before VoSti can regain his former power. Or even worse still, obtain the power of the Elder Gods."

2.	Governance;
	"Even if our worlds were just a game, VoSti was a tangible threat, and our deeds bleed into your reality. I still don't know what that connection means, but perhaps it is akin to how our worlds are linked by ancient portals. I decided to return to the tower, I only knew of one portal, but we had to purge VoSti, and speak to NaFi directly. The only thing I knew for sure was that we needed answers, and the Eternal Wind was the one who had them. 'I don't understand, how is our reality a game?' Lialin inquired, 'I don't know...' I replied, 'I don't know...'"

3.	Religion;
	"'I have to return to the tower,' I finally explained to Lialin, after recovering from my wounds, we had continued cleansing worlds, and even challenged a few lesser ruins. 'The one you escaped before we met?' Lialin had been spending days at a time studying the tablet, it was as if the things that happen in the game affect other realities. 'Do you think NaFi knows anything about the Rememberence?' she askked, nearly to herself, lying next to me in our bed. Rolling on top of me as she spoke softly, 'I don't want you to die, I'm going with you,' She insisted, authority in her tone. 'I don't think I could stop you,' I said after drinking in her eyes longer than usual."

4.	Logic;
	"Standing before a portal the following day, one that was restored near the city above our home, we prepared a purging team, using equipment gathered from many different planes. The plan was for me to challenge VoSti, and pry him away from NaFi, Lialin was to sing over loud speakers to counter the overwhelming aura and weaken him. We had electrified harpoons, mobile plasma cannons,  frost emitters, We were going to throw everything we had at him. We needed to weaken him, liberate NaFi, and destroy the portal as quickly as possible. We only had one chance, wtih no guarantee of success, but it was the only way we would ever learn anything more about the tablet."

5.	Wisdom;
	"We stood before the portal with both tensions and morale high, as I touched the gate. In a flash of light, the power of NaFi and ViSti came pouring through like a trpical storm of hatred and anger. Lialin began to sing as the portal was enveloped by waves of her concert as I charged through it's boundaries. The song of hope and victory radiating through it like a warm breeze, pushing the wicked energy back as my own power errupted around me. Just as I remembered it, the tall cloaked figure, leaning over the Eternal Wind, drawing energy from them, while they slumbered deeply."

6.	Wealth;
	"The reaction was so fast, I never saw it coming, within seconds of entering the portal, four shadows of myself, twised with wicked glee were on top of me. Shaken as flashes of my own twisted face racked my mind, were it not for Lialin's song, I wouldn't have blocked the attack. Above, with a kick nearly as strong as my own, grabbing its leg and rotating full circle, slamming it into another as they vanished with a loud bang and a flash of light. The other two struggling to keep up with me as I rushed VoSti, striking high with maximum rotation and a powerful right straight punch. He must not have seen the hit coming because the impact sent him flying across the tower chamber, crashing into the far wall with a shower of debris."

7.	Matter;
	"No sooner than he hit the wall, he unleashed an ungodly screech, a crooked song of pain and rage, like a distorted mirror of Lialin's song. The remaining shadows rushed me from below, as I struck down on one with a savage blade of wind, rotating upsidedown, as the other atempted a heal kick from above me. Rotating to face away, planting my feet in their chest and unleashing an explosive gust, parallel to the ground. As one hit the wall, and the other hit the floor, both vanished in a bang, as The terrible cries of VoSti amplified, fighting against Lialin's song to weaken me. Advancing suddenly, he was upon me, still parallel to the ground, as he took aim at my torso with a vicious chop."

8.	Illusion;
	"Our troops began pouring through the portal emboldened by Lialin's upbeat warsong. Flipping upside down and barely dodging the strike as dozens of shadows attackd our forces. Rotating rapidly before extending my leg and striking VoSti in the side of the head with my heel, sending him careening into the wall again. The wicked wail amplified as the debris was thrown away with a terrible wind, I righted myself facing him and landed on the floor. Blades of wind shot from the field of wind that now surrounded him, a dark mirror of my own skill."

9.	War;
	"Dodging the blades as the battle raged on, the once solemn and silent war of mighty spirits had now became a blood stained battlefield. Noting that VoSti's blades were deflected by NaFi's energy, without even twitching in his sleep, I launched into the fight. Hitting the ground, warping behind VoSti and swinging with a razor sharp wind, he blocked with a field of winds of his own. Strike after strike, blocking and dodging, fighting with everything I had to counter and avoid damage, while dealing damage all the same. I had drawn VoSti's attention away from the battlefield, opposite the portal, as our team was beginning to work on moving NaFi."

10.	Space;
	"The copies of our units kept coming, but I had VoSti's undivided attention, as the cloaked figure shot a kick from under his robe. Deflecting it away to my right as I absorbed the momentum to rotate and slam him in the head with a rapid spinning kick. He blocked with his hand as he slipped right through my leg to my left, raising my bottom foot and swinging it for his shoulder with a forward flip. The team fighting diligently had managed to keep their shadows at bay with the help of Lialin. I had pushed VoSti far enough away that his terrible screech was totally overwhelming her song, though the whispers reached me all the same."

11.	Vision;
	"If I could just hold out a while longer, they would extract NaFi, and escape through the portal. I had taken heavy damage, despite my best efforts, but if they could just get him through, it would all be worth it. Bouncing back and launching in again, blades of wind surrounding myself, as VoSti matched them effortlessly. Then he faltered slightly, failing to phase through a rapid gust of wind from beneath him, I was applying as much pressure as I could, refusing to give him a chance to breathe. The blow shot into his jaw, and launched him into the ceiling, warping above him, I dropped both feet into his back, blasting him into the floor as I launched myself down with a final devastating stomp."

12.	Peace;
	"While we couldn't touch NaFi, his presence repelling us just as it repelled VoSti, the bed was raised above the floor, and we could move underneath it. They had rigged the legs with lifts and wheels, and started inching it toward the portal while I continued to occupy VoSti, and they fought off their shadows. Gripping both my legs after the impact, he almost seemed to cough, or laugh, as he flipped around at blinding speed, whipping me wildly into the ceiling. Coughing blood as I bounced back down, he delivered a terrible punch to the side of my head, caught me mind flight, and slammed my face into the wall. Barely surviving the impact thanks to the Falcon errupting around me, as I gripped his arm with both hands, wrapping my legs around him, twisting sharply toward the floor with a foot to his neck and a sudden burst of what little I had left."

13.	Decay;
	"'AVIAN!' Lialin's voice rang out, now a sudden sharp warning, 'WE GOT HIM!!!' Like a blast of releif, right as VoSti's head crashed into the floor, launching shards of stone around the chamber. Pushing off him, burrying his face further into the ground, as I launched myself with my last drop of stregnth at ultrasonic speed. My body going limp as I was surging headfirst straight toward the portal, Lialin's voice chimed again, like pure chourage, 'WATCH OUT!' VoSti was above me, radiating pure unadulterated hatred. Digging deep, every muscle in my body aching, every fiber of my spirit thretening to unravel, the Falcon errupted with a burst, and flickered out instantly. VoSti launched himself straight into the floor, screaming wildly, only missing me by inches, as I slid through the portal, and with one final shot, I shattered it from our homeworld, safe, for now."

14.	Time;
	"A child's intestines whipping the air like rabbid serpents. Avelin tearing apart at the seams now lined with teeth.  Dozens of clones of my own twisted face laughing and chanting 'I KILLED HER... I KILLED HER... I KILLED HER...' VoSti reaching into my chest and twisting the fiber of my being wildly... Piles of corpses laughing as they consume one another wickedly..."

15.	Signs;
	"Shooting bolt upright, with a series of audible cracks, and an unbearable surge of pain, I collapsed to the plain white bed. Laying still, throbbing from head to toe, unable to speak, think, only pain, to the pit of my very soul. Could have been minutes, or hours I laid there, until an Angelic nurse entered the room, 'You're awake!' her apparent suprise urging her to action. Placing both hands on my chest, her wings flaired a green-gold light, while her halo surged with electricity. The pain began to subcide as the light washed over me, tingling as all my muscles relaxed at once, Still unable to move, it was as if she could read my eyes, 'Don't worry about it,'"

16.	Life;
	"I don't know how long it took to heal, as if wounds caused by corruption, let alone VoSti himself, resisted most forms of healing magic, and surgeries could only go so far, as bones would rebreak immediately after being set. Lialin came to visit me, singing softly, easing my pain, though I couldn't speak yet, I'm sure she knew I was thankful. Even the Elders gathered once or twice, informing me that we had moved NaFi to one of the deepest chambers, and protected him with a combination of powerful Materia. The short, fat, black and white representitive even paid me a visit, encouraging me not to lose hope, and explaining how his people had began resisting corruption. The last time I was stuck speachless in a hospital it was because my heart was broken, this time, it's because everything else was."

17.	Blood;
	"Corrpution had began to become more organized, moving like tactical units rather than rabid animals, or unfortunate mishaps. We had made a fool of VoSti, who assumed his own power so great, such an attack would never be atempted, but he was far from his full strength. Rumors of the corrupt taking hostages, searching for the Eternal Wind, before torturing them to death, turning them. He was amassing his forces, growing emboldened, despite pushing the corruption from more and more of our worlds, while preparing our people to fight back. We built our forces in turn, and worked dilligently to awaken NaFi in our search for answers."

18.	Spirit;
	"Being so close to VoSti had driven my nightmares over the edge, now twisted and unrecognizable next to the memories from which they emerged. Were it not for Lialin visiting me as I lay there, imobile and speachless, I'm not sure I would have survived. I gradually began to regain my strength, able to move my hands, clenching my fingers and toes, and them able to rotate my wrists and ankles. I felt as though every bone in my body was broken, like every tendon and muscle was shredded to ribbins, and even my mind was ravaged night after night. By day, unrelenting pain permiating every fiber of my being, and by night I faced terrors I could have scaresely imagined before."

19.	Minds;
	"Moving my arms and legs, and gradually regaining the ability to sit upright, I would flex any muscle that didn't send searing pain throughout my body. One by one regaining some strength, and finally speaking in a thin whisper as Lialin visited me. 'You were amazing,' the words barely left my beak, burning my throat and lungs as I spoke, her face brightening. 'I've never seen anyone fight like that,' She responded, her eyes gleaming, 'You really were the hero of legend that day,' She went on. 'Without you...' my voice still weak, quiet, 'I would have died,' I responded with a rasp, before shutting my eyes tightly, the pain growing more intense."

20.	Owners;
	"Humming gently as she held my hand, easing my pain somewhat, 'Were it not for you, we would have never been able to do anything,' She said in her sing-song way, smiling with her eyes. She was visiting me every day, using her songs to ease my pain while I worked from sitting upright, eventually to standing again, against the nurse's instructions to remain in bed. I used small gusts to blow over paper cups, blades of wind to slice my food, any little thing I could manage to rehabilitate as quickly as possible. Day after day, until I was walking by myself, gradually, my strength returned as my wounds healed. I knew VoSti would be coming for NaFi, it was only a matter of time, time that I didn't have."

21.	Lessons;
	"Rehabilitation took much longer than I had hoped, the wounds left by VoSti tearing deeper into my being than any battle I had faced before. I began walking the hospital, still racked with pain, though it had become much more bearable, still far from where I was at the start of the battle. I was lucky to be alive, we all were, had Lialin's song not rang over the battlefield, we would have been shreded alive. Walking further and further each day, until I could finally run again, until I could fire blades of wind into Angelic hospital's courtyard. After several months, I began to train meekly again, sending blades out, and striking them as they returned, barely a threat to my own child self."

22.	Truth;
	"Spheres of wind errupting around me, barely a breeze, the Falcon flickering for a moment before vanishing. I was far from my full stregnth, running laps around the hospital, jumping with bursts of air that lifted me only a few extra inches. Gradually forging my winds into solid blades I could swing with both hands, finally slicing through chunks of wood, then stone. Regaining the power to fly on the winds near the ground as I ran, and holding the Falcon for minutes at a time, atempting to warp in place, and then short distances. I had convinced another patient, tall Angel fellow, a veteran of many battles with corruption, to spar with me as the staff supervised our mutual rehabilitation."

23.	Mystic;
	"Flicking his wrist as a blade of green fire shot from his hand, 'You sure you're okay with this?' his wounds not nearly as severe as my own, I merely nodded deeply, ready to give it my all. 'Don't say I didn't warn you,' he went on, rushing me at a steady jog, and dipping low before slicing up at me from below. Blocking with a spinning disk of wind, a trick I learned from the machines at the citadel, rotating on my back foot, aiming for his head with a kick. Blocking with a burst of green flame, my kick connected with his forearm, 'Not bad,' he quipped, shrugging it off and throwing several flame covered punches. Dodging the first few hits before shoving him with a gust to his chest and and bringing a pillar of wind down from above him which he blocked easily, our skill vastly exceeding our physical limits."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Lialin began watching our sessions, as did the administrative staff, little did I know that he was a general of their armies, who had faced nearly as many battles as I have. Each match we grew stronger together, as the staff made sure we didn't injure one another, and healing us when we did. Neither of us wanted to be stuck here, we both had something to fight for. Nobody had been informed that we liberated NaFi, nor the danger facing Avalon, but during this time, the general and I had bonded with our fists in a way words simply couldn't match. Within a year, we had both nearly regained our full strength, as we went our seperate ways, 'You take care of yourself, Bird-man,' He quipped, 'You too, Choir-boy,' I quipped back, waving to him as Lialin took my arm and we returned to Avalon."
