"Chapter Sixteen"

~Tear Song~


1.	Prologue;
	"We sent the Chronicles beyond space and time. Hoping that someday they would be found by someone like you. Some of those who came were less than fit, nearly shadows themselves already. Those with profound talents aid us, leading us to victory. I can only pray we survive the battle ahead."

2.	Governance;
	"We toiled for many sleepless nights to awaken NaFi, to no avail, the deep underground chamber lined with runes, protected by our best magics and technology. Not speaking in the magic language, nor Lialin's song, could reach him through the heavy slumber. In desperation we sent the Chronicles of the tablet through the Gateway, hoping beyond hope to contact one of the many beings from beyond the Rememberence. To our surprise, they were discovered, by beings like you, from the world that influenced our own, as our worlds influence yours. We were amassing new forces, Angels and Demons, Foxes and Snakes, among many others, working together and kindling newfound hope that the planes of creation could make one final stand."

3.	Religion;
	"Those who fought for the gods became known as Guardians, and I was named the Guardian of Avalon, being the only beings in our realms to confront VoSti, and survive. The Republic had restructured, embracing our methods, and arming their people as word spread of our successes. While new representitives were elected, and those who feared the public stepped down. Avalon rebuilt, seizing back one of the planes wholely corrupted, and moving on the others, though VoSti surely hunted us, we had reclaimed more than he could conqure. Though many lives were lost, many more were saved thanks to their honorable sacrifice."

4.	Logic;
	"It was to my shock that four others, Guardians of their own realms, had also liberated NaFi in their own unique ways. Struggling as we did to wake him, unsure how he could exist in many worlds at once, as confusing to explain as it was to experience. We exchanged notes, and resources, studying NaFi, the barrier that kept us at bay, and the artifact that they clutched against their chest. We found that despite existing in many planes, all iterations of NaFi seemed linked together, as one would be pressured by careful probing, the other iterations would respond. We had all fought VoSti, each facing a fragment of the being sealed more than half a century ago, and barely escaping with our lives."

5.	Wisdom;
	"The more we learned the less we knew, as more beings from many worlds came to our aid, if only we could discover the secrets of NaFi and the Chronicles, maybe we would have the key to victory. One day while taking readings from NaFi, I noticed a strange fluxuation in the field, like a small pulse of inperceptible energy. We built portals between the various places where we protected the sleeping god, working together to awaken him, until one experiment seemed to go wrong. We had began probing, with all portals engaged, and as the iterations of NaFi resonated together, a sixth portal linked to the chain, leading to a plane of raging winds, and torrentual gusts. A shrine devoted to NaFi, more vast than the tower I breached in the Gateway, where NaFi and the Cloaked one engaged in ferocious battle."

6.	Wealth;
	"Unlike those who slept, this was the body of NaFi, awake, fighting, as VoSti countered their divine winds. We closed the portals immediately, fearing the Cloaked one would attack us before we could gather ourselves. As if through the will of NaFi, we had managed to find them, awake and alive, quite by mistake, as we deliberated how to proceed. It was only in linking his multiple forms through the portals that the new plane had oppened to us, and the battle raging within it was yet another mystery. Why did those hidden in the towers slumber, while but a single version fought, how did VoSti loom above his prey, while leading his corrupt armies, and fighting NaFi all the same?"

7.	Matter;
	"Time appeared to work differently in the realms of the gods, as if the Eternal Elements were beyond time, as VoSti seemed to hold the same power somehow. Able to both exist, and not exist, and yet being bound to the very fabric of creation itself. Our research continued, though we didn't reopen the portal which led to NaFi's shrine for some time, it was clear that would be our next step. We wanted to be fully prepared for the battle ahead, as we coordinated our forces, the key to that plane recorded for each of our teams. Was the shrine like NaFi himself, where many versions act independent of the others, yet bound together, or was this the convergence of NaFi's powers beyond space and time?"

8.	Illusion;
	"It was determined that NaFi had battled VoSti since they were sealed away, as those versions who rested in the Gateway were mere echoes of that final battle. The deadlock of their savage war the result of the seal, where VoSti and the gods would be locked in perpetual combat until the end of time. It was not the case however, as VoSti's corruption spread through our worlds and we struggled to repell them, a vast bloody war that reflected the battle that raged in the Eternal Plane of Wind itself. Every spirit saved, and every spirit lost, swaying the balance of power that threatened to tear the fabric of reality itself apart. As the corrupt shadows fought to restore the power of VoSti, we were fighting to restore the power of the Eternal Elements, pure brights who served the gods."

9.	War;
	"I had changed much since the orphan boy who lashed out in fear and anger, who stole from market stalls and snuck away with the girl he grew to love, before her life was cut short. The test subject who learned to hone his powers alone while being tormented by the tasks set upon him by a tyrannical empire. The tortured soul who fought alongside the gods to seal VoSti, only to face my own twisted face as I emerged from nothingness. I had built a home, found someone who would stay by my side through breeze or storm, and endured every horror that still haunted my dreams. This was the first time I truly had something to protect, something that had a deep profound meaning to me, something truly worthwhile."

10.	Space;
	"As far as we knew, time was stretched beyond the Gateway, and we had no reason to assume it was any different for the Plane of Wind. We had agreed to spend time with our loved ones before we made any attempts to join NaFi in his endless battle. While months may pass for us, it would be mere seconds for the Eternal Wind, and this could be our only chance to seek closure, or say our goodbyes. 'You can't come with me this time,' I told Lialin, holding her close, our bodies intertwined, 'Come back to me, Promise?' she replied. Caressing each other, brushing our beaks together, 'As long as I live, I will find my way back,' my heart heavy, knowing only the Guardians could fight this battle."

11.	Vision;
	"Her body against mine, Legs wrapped around my waist, Pressing her against the bed. She locked her fingers behind my neck, leaning back and chirping with every thrust, lifting her as we swung around, before sitting, as she remained latched around me. Plunging down over and over as I gripped her shoulders, pulling down with every lift. Pushing me to my back as she rested on her knees, crowing loudly, each thrust an echo of the day we met. Lifting to my feet with a heavy thrust, as she let out a sudden squeak, pinning her to the wall, as we made love throughout the night."

12.	Peace;
	"Meeting with the Elders of our headquarters, my old friend at the head of the table, 'So, you've made up your mind,' he stated. 'I have,' I replied, as I stood before them, taking in their faces for what I feared may be the last time. 'Then you have our blessing,' The Elders stood, each bowing in turn, walking around the chamber and shaking my hand. My old firend approaching me last, shaking my hand, and pulling me into a firm hug with stregnth that defied his age. 'Whatever happens, however long it takes, you come back, hear me?' He insisted solemnly, as I embraced him and we stood in silence for several minutes."

13.	Decay;
	"The night before the Guardians of NaFi were to open the portal to the Plane of Wind, we held a massive feast. We danced and sang, Lialin's song both cheerful and longing, as the children played and left simple crafted gifts for me. Part of me knew this would be the last time I saw any of them again, though I never wanted to believe it. We cheered, and played games, as the Elders watched with wisened eyes, this moment burned into my mind like a final vision of hope. Like a single event that made all of my suffering worth it, like every sorrow had led me to this very instant, frozen in time."

14.	Time;
	"That first step through the portal felt like an eternity, moving forward slowly, Lianlin's voice echoed behind me one last time, 'I love you,' as I bagan spiraling through space. Emerging on the other side, the portal closing behind me, none of the other Guardians appeared, as NaFi fought the Cloaked one across the vast shrine. Easlily miles across, like this space could hold whole countries and continents within it, as my heart weighed heavy, and the mission before me was clear. NaFi's winds raging against the wicked winds of VoSti, I surged into battle, my spirit clinging to everything I had to protect. As imagaes filled my mind, of Lialin being circled by giggling children, fighting the Machines on the citadel, her song fueling my fight with VoSti, tears streaming down my face."

15.	Signs;
	"Fueled by the love that surged within me, by everything I needed to protect, I struck VoSti, catching both him and NaFi by suprise. My fist crashing into his face with a thunder crack of compressed gasses, as he was sent sliding along the ground. NaFi, catching my eyes, it was as if our souls touched, and an understanding washed over us, he knew why I was here, no longer fueled by simple vengence. The love in my heart, and the desire to protect those important to me brought tears to his eyes, 'You're finally ready,' his voice echoing within me. We braced ourselves, mirroring one another as we charged into battle, now NaFi had a chance, now Avalon had a chance, now we had a chance to protect them all."

16.	Life;
	"With NaFi by my side, we fought blow for blow as VoSti lost his footing, taking damage, stumbling, but fighting back all the same. The cold spirit of hatred and power being pushed by our combined onslaught. Lialin's smiling eyes burned into my mind, our passionate embrace tugging at my heart, as NaFi shared my emotions, and we moved in harmony. Tears streaming our faces, as the final moments in Avalon echoed through my mind, and everything that led to this moment fell into pristine perspective. Were it not for everything I went through, I never would have had the strength to stand at NaFi's side, were it not for everything I had to protect, VoSti would have crushed me with his will alone."

17.	Blood;
	"Our hearts beating, breathing as one, as blasts of wind struck VoSti's vicious whirlwinds, moving above us, and striking down with a wicked vortex of blistering winds. Dodging apart, and touching the ground, as a tornado errupted, the Falcon savaging VoSti, as he phased through, landing between us. Charging forward in unison, striking low, while NaFi went high, sending the Cloaked One spinning wildly, I slid to a stop, as NaFi flipped to the ground. 'You will know true power,' VoSti's whisper resonating like a cosmic thunder, charging for me suddenly, as two shadows attacked NaFi."

18.	Spirit;
	"Gripping my face with an iron hand, as I struck upward with all my might, he head began to throb as I attacked VoSti. Like a flicker of wind, NaFi had taken aim from above, as my strike made impact with VoSti's elbow, a sudden flash, a blood curdling scream, and his arm was severed. Stepping back, the remaining nub began to glow with light, rebuilding itself, as his flesh began to weave back together. 'You Will Know True Fear,' NaFi and I had moved back to back, two shadows each, switching sides, as we lashed out with spinning winds, and a whirlwind grew around us. Pulling the air close around us, and channeling one ultrasonic blade, the Cloaked One was severed in half, shaking the whole Eternal Shrine with pure, raw, hatred."

19.	Minds;
	"The shrine itself resisting his will flooding the space as it poured out from his severed body. Now motionless in the air, glowing as the parts began to gather, he was frozen in time as the pieces reconverged. Drawing back, and pushing forward in unison, NaFi and I unleashed a savage wind, blowing VoSti away as his will began to fade from the shrine. 'It doesn't end here, does it?' I asked aloud, as NaFi gave me a stern look. 'This hasn't even begun,' his voice resonating through me, though he didn't speak. 'As we fought, VoSti corrupted my plane,' The air grew chill as flashes of countless star systems raced through my mind, stretching out into a cosmic hurricane that moved as if standing still."

20.	Owners;
	"Stretching further back, as my consciousness struggled to keep it's grip on reality, another hurricane, and another. With one immense cosmic whirlwind at it's center, the space between filled with currents of radiation and dust. 7 total structures, with countless worlds within and between them. 'This is my Rememberence,' NaFi's words drawing me back to the shrine, his actual voice like a gentle grandfather that still had his youth. 'We are at it's very ccenter,' NaFi looked upward with a combination of longing and pride, before turning his face downward in disgust."

21.	Lessons;
	"'But he's corrupted it,' the disgust and pity for VoSti hit me in the stomach, despite everything VoSti had done, NaFi couldn't bring himself to hate him. Visions of whole worlds being stretched into blackness without leaving debris, others burning, destroyed, and twisted with madness. 'I know what you feel, because I feel it too,' NaFi's heart beating with mine, our wounds pulsing as one. 'We must clear them of corruption,' NaFi's resolve filling me with chourage, as images of Lialin flooded my mind. Smiling with his eyes, NaFi merely nodded, 'She will live a long and happy life,' my heart aching, yet full of hope, I understood the implications."

22.	Truth;
	"Pointing into the distance, 'Avalon is dear to me,' as a shimmer of light came from above, glistening within the distant ceiling. A single orb came from the distance, no larger than a fist, within it the familiar star maps of my home, in perfect detail. Detecting my thoughts, 'This is not merely a map, this is all of Avalon,' as NaFi held the orb it was as if my perception was drawn inside. Soaring past familiar systems faster than any ship, before coming to a sudden halt, watching Lialin as she tended some children, eyes gleaming, before looking right at me. She took a deep breath, before returning to the younglings, as they turned toward the city that once lay in ruin, and a statue of myself tending flowers on one knee, notes in hand."

23.	Mystic;
	"A plaque at the bottom of the statue read, 'To the orphan without a home, To the child without a father, To the man without a purpose, To the hero we always knew he could be, To Avian, Guardian of Avalon,' My eyes flooding as my perception was drawn back to the shrine, and NaFi, who merely stood in silence, his head bowed in reverence. I cried and cried, dropping to my knees, as NaFi placed his hand on my head. We had to stop VoSti, we had to set things right, we had to finish what was started all those years ago. No matter what it takes, I would live up to that tittle, Guardian of Avalon, for the children, for the Republic, for Lialin."

24.	Epilogue;
	"The battle seemed to only take moments, as NaFi showed me Avalon for merely an instant, yet several years had passed. In this place beyond normal space and time, everything was distorted, whole worlds fit in the palm of your hand, and eternity is the blink of an eye. The Eternal Plane of Wind, So far removed from everything I thought I knew, the worlds of my home like a music box high upon a shelf. Every event that led me here infantessimal next to the vast cosmic backdrop of the Eternal Wind. Yet somehow, ever more meningful as a result of being uniqely my own."
