"Chapter Seventeen"

~Insurmountable Powers~


1.	Prologue;
	"When you came, it was as if the whole of creation shuddered. You were surely meant to find this parable, and seek the deeper mysteries. You have already fought with all you have, against your sorrows, and grown into something more. With the arts of your spirit we will hunt Corruption, and strive for a better world. In due time, we will defeat VoSti."

2.	Governance;
	"Taking a step back, NaFi extened their hand, helping me to my feet, as I wiped the tears from my face with the back of my hand. 'It's time to go,' NaFi's voice ringing through me, as space warped around us, moving faser than I could think. We stood in a vast space at the base of a cosmic tower, as if built from stars and galaxies spiraling upward, as we prepared to enter the base. A door stretched open before us, and we began to walk forward, my perception spinning, before coming to a sudden halt. In an instant the vast cosmic space fell into perspective, a single room, like an entry hall, lit by orbs of cyan light along the walls, images of NaFi, scratched through by imeasurable claws."

3.	Religion;
	"Like a part of my mind shifted, Stretching beyond it's usual limits, as my eyes opened for the first time. This was the world as NaFi saw it, not unlike my own, just unimaginalbly vast by comparison. Every ornate carving composed of stars and galaxies, the cyan carpet leading to the staircase of the upper hall, woven from the fate of innumerable universes. Strugglling to grasp the magnitude of this shift, could Avalon have counltess worlds within it as the Plane of Wind, or was there some kind of limit? Were there worlds even more vast than this, were there worlds more miniscule than my own?"

4.	Logic;
	"Placing their hand on my shoulder, NaFi uttered a single word, 'Yes,' as a sudden wave of hatred surged from the peak of the structure. The air filled with visible static as orbs began to coaless, surging down the steps toward us at mind bending speed. I was only beginning to understand this space, my movments like a child, stumbling over myself, as NaFi sprang to action, slashing an orb in half, as they blocked one that was coming for me. 'Think later,' NaFi pulled me to my feet as I swung around him, my winds wipping an orb into the wall with a sharp crack as it shattered. The dent in the wall reflecting the loss of countless lives within those realms, I stubmled, as more orbs began to charge us, blades emerging from their smooth reflective surfaces."

5.	Wisdom;
	"I could barely move without pondering what lives were lost beneath my feet, I could barely breathe knowing that each inhale could cost billions of lives. NaFi fought dilligently, atempting to snap me out of it, 'Fight for Avalon,' the words resonating through me. One spinning blade, then another, my winds begining to merge with NaFi's own, as we began to move in tandem once more. Shattering orb after orb, making our way up the stairs, and fighting through the first layer of the tower. Thoughts of countless worlds being crushed as we fought drifting further to the back of my mind as they were replaced by the fight for survival, the fight for Avalon."

6.	Wealth;
	"The orbs emerging from static tears in reality, surging on us, one after the next, as we made our way up the tower. The damage caused in our wake indicating the destruction of whole civilizations, people with hopes and dreams, devastated, as orbs were crushed, and our winds raged. Some crawling along the walls with twisted legs springing from them, others spinning with blades through the air. Hatred poured over the space, thretening to currupt everything it touched, tearing space asunder with crackling static. One floor after the next, each layer growing more dense with the presence of VoSti, as his crooked machines faught to prevent our ascent, fueled by his bottomless thirst for power."

7.	Matter;
	"Moving side by side, fighting these terrible machines, each step drawing us closer to the pinacle of the tower. Thoughts of other worlds fading as the space grew more and more akin to the world I knew, dining halls, and living quarters being savaged as we progressed. Like a vast temple dedicated to the power of NaFi, where he once hosted beings from other worlds, now left desolate and abandoned. The vile presence of VoSti eminating from high above us, as orb after orb was destroyed, and beings like reflections of the Cloaked One himself began to form from the static. Countering our winds with their own, as we made our way higher and higher, each battle drawing us closer to our ultimate goal."

8.	Illusion;
	"The battle wearing us thin as we surged through floor after floor, before NaFi diverted us to a hidden door at the back of some kind of meeting hall. Lined with runes, the room resonated with the presence of NaFi, like a small office, protected from anything that lie beyond it's walls. 'Rest' NaFi's voice akin to a timeless grandfather, as he took a seat against the wall, closing his eyes. Devoid of static, this room felt genuinely safe, like it was beyond VoSti's reach, despite nearing the top of the tower. The runes glowing in rythm with NaFi's breathing, I leaned against the wall, and fell asleep."

9.	War;
	"VoSti reaching for my chest as darkness and fear captured my senses. Lialin's song breaking his hatred, as the laughter of children drowned out the scene. Lialin, standing before a classroom, much older than before, muffled voices heard as if coming through layers of fabric. Her face appearing again, younger this time, squating over a large basket filled with eggs, as she spoke with the Elders. A sudden break like shattering glass as Avelin flashed before me, smiling with her eyes, 'Thank you,' her voice fading into the distance."

10.	Space;
	"Awakening, NaFi standing over me with an outstretched hand, his presence radinging hope, as his eyes gleamed with compassion. 'We fight for them,' the aged yet youthful voice of NaFi ignighting a renewed vigor in me, as he prepared to open the door, and continue our climb. At little more than a crack, VoSti's energy began to crawl through the opening, The thirst for power and bottomless hunger tinted with the ferocious search for his prey. Entering the meeting hall beyond the door, the air immediately crackeled with static as the furious searching condensed like a predator swooping on it's prey. Icons of VoSti, and countless orbs flooded the hall, as NaFi and I sprang into action without hesitation, shattering orbs and tearing the reflections of VoSti asunder, one by one."

11.	Vision;
	"Surging across the meeting hall like a flicker of  dust, I ground a reflection of VoSti into the wall with a spinning disc of wind conscentrated at the palm of my hand. NaFi drilling another with pulse after pulse of wind surging fron his repeated strikes, the imitation of the Cloaked One coughing up black smoke as it collapsed to the floor. Swinging my arm in a rapid chop, shattering three spheres approaching NaFi from behind with a powerful slice. As NaFi's winds began to dance with him, my own winds intermingled as the torrents shredded through spheres and icons of VoSti alike. Moving through the meeting chamber, and making our way further up the tower as the presence of VoSti radiated raw, cold, calculating hatred."

12.	Peace;
	"Each step drawing us cloaser to the pinacle of the tower, the static radiating the air appearing more strategically. Orbs ambushing us from corners, as Icons would gather in small groups, VoSti was adapting to our winds, and our tactics. Trying to seperate us, and corner us, as we pushed onward none the less, surging with wind, and moving together. Knowing that we had to keep going despite our wounds, or it would surely mean our inevitable demise. Hall after hall, and chamber after chamber, we were finally nearing the top of the tower, VoSti's presence radiated an almost gleeful anticipation beneath his overwhelming hatred for being itself."

13.	Decay;
	"Breaching the top of the tower, with a vast cosmic space of stars and nebula stretching out above us, VoSti looming in the distance, nearly as tall as the tower itself. Raising a single armored claw from beneath his robe, the tower errupted with static, the fabric of space itself shaking with his corruption. Legions of Orbs, Icons, and ships of all sizes errupted from beneath him, an army with greater numbers than anything I had ever seen before. NaFi began to draw a massive breath, expanding to match VoSti's unimaginable size, as the static was pushed back by his winds. The armies of NaFi emerging from the torrentual gusts as they began to clash with our enemies, NaFi's voice radiated through me, 'Lead them to victory,'"

14.	Time;
	"I rushed forward as NaFi clashed with VoSti above the battlefield, the sheer magnitude of their forms distorting any perception of depth or scale. The armies clashing as both sides ravaged one another, I fought with my winds, the Falcon surging around me. Destroying the forces amassed before me, like a whirlwind of savage fury, the will to preserve the planes of Avalon repelling the corruption that thretened to consume my spirit. I surged upward, attacking one of VoSti's ships from below, tearing through it's hull, and landing on it's top deck. Several of NaFi's giant machines had joined me as I made my way forward, from one ship to the next, the machines that once challenged my research team now fought beside me."

15.	Signs;
	"The armies clashing below as ships from both sides fired on one another, explosions ringing out as presurized gasses and wicked corruption clashed. Jets of wind tearing through several of VoSti's ships, as they fired their own jets of twisted wind in kind. Leaping with powerful gusts of wind beneath my feat, one ship after the next fell before me, as the forces of VoSti and NaFi poured fourth from them in numbers without limits. The battle raging above like the clashing of insurmountable titans as the Eternal Wind and VoSti traded blow for blow, shaking the fabric of space and time with every strike. I needed to reach the body of VoSti, if I could bring him down to size from within, NaFi could finally finish this, once and for all."

16.	Life;
	"NaFi's forces had began surging upward alongside me, striking ships from above and below, the machines and Icons of both armies clashing in clouds of black smoke and savage winds. One after the next, surging further and further into enemy lines, I destroyed dozens of vessles, but they just kept coming. Emerging from the distance, as if from within the Cloaked One himself, each leap bringing me closer to my target. Yet VoSti's frame remained locked in the distance, his size preventing any accurate sense of depth, surely I would reach him, sooner of later. Ship after ship, Icon after Icon, as NaFi's forces struggled to keep up with my advance, clashing with VoSti's armies, as I left a wedge of destruction in my wake."

17.	Blood;
	"In the distance thousands of orbs, akin to the oens emerging from the static, and guarding VoSti's ships, but these as large as stars. Ships without number emerging from within them as they seemed to radiate the hatred of VoSti, drawing from his tremendous power. NaFi's forces had widened the wedge I carved before them, as I continued to advance, now high above the tower. Crushing one ship after another before reaching one of the massive spheres, shredding it's surface, as the Icons of VoSti attacked me. Diving into the breach at supersonic speed, I shredded my way to it's center, through the various halls of conscentrated, soul crushing, wickedness."

18.	Spirit;
	"At it's center, a vast well of VoSti's power vibrating the fabric of space around it, as the power surged fourth into the gigantic sphere. Striking with everything I had, as VoSti's forces rushed to intercept, the core began to crack, before unleashing bursts of energy. Growing unstable it was as if the whole sphere was screaming with hatred and fear, the thirst for power replaced by a savage vengence. Turning in place and surging back through the tunnel I had bored with my winds, everything shook, as the energy leaking from the core began to collapse inward. Just as I breached the outter shell, the sphere collapsed under the weight and I pushed with all my might against the vacuume that thretened to crush me just the same."

19.	Minds;
	"Just as the shockwave launched me back, a wave of rage shreded the space around me. NaFi had struck VoSti in the shoulder, as sparks of golden light began to pull him back together, showering the battlefield below. Swinging wildly at NaFi as they struggled to block and dodge, both crushing vast swaths of the armies beneath them. VoSti advanced on NaFi, bringing me closer to his torso, the vast distance becoming more managable. Rushing from sphere to sphere, my methods being refined with each attack, as the weapons destroyed on either side seemed to weaken the massive beings waging battle above us."

20.	Owners;
	"Finally reaching the surface of the massive figure, it was as if I was standing against the fabric of hatred and destruction itself. The embodiment of power beyond power for power's own sake fighting NaFi, as countless lesser Icons rushed me while I made my way up his cloak. Struggling with each movement, like a flea in the wind, as I shreded my attackers on the surface of VoSti. The fabric itself seemd woven from VoSti's malice and spite for all things, the impact of downward strikes being absorbed effortlessly. Surely there would be a breach somewhere, a small tear I could penetrate, a way to attack him from inside."

21.	Lessons;
	"NaFi's forces had failed to follow me this close, holding VoSti's armies at bay, now far below me, as the clashing titans continued to fight. Each strike thretening to throw me into the vast cosmic space beyond the tower, each movement sending a wave of terror along his cloak. Nearing VoSti's waist, NaFi unleashed a sharp kick just above me, surrounded in unbearable winds, tearing VoSti open. As the golden sparks began to pull the pieces back together, I surged inside and was engulfed by darkness. Like countless hands gripping the fabric of my being, pushing back with my winds, I began to search the vast internal space of the Cloaked One himself."

22.	Truth;
	"NaFi's voice came to me in a whisper, 'Find his core,' barely reaching through the thick hatred and thirst for the power that lies beyond power for it's own sake. Diving deep, and pressing toward the source of the vile presence that engulfed me, not knowing if I could hold myself together. Each breath thretening to tear me apart, as the weight surrounding me prodded at all my regrets. Pushing myself faster and faster, driving into the pit of despair and corruption, my senses nullified by the encroaching madness and endless shadows. Like a small flicker in the distance, the center of VoSti's essence almost called to me."

23.	Mystic;
	"Surging faster, the feint light reigniting a glimmer of hope within me, there he was, a young human male. Asleep in a pool of his own vomit, cluting a bottle of some liquor, with scattered notes surrounding him. In the cutaway of a long forgotten bedroom, there were statistics and drawings, notes about worlds, and shreded maps. When I finally saw him, drawn in ash and soot behind desicrated wallpaper that clinged desperately to the wall. VoSti himself, as if painted in a furious stupor, scattered with blade marks as if the man on the floor hated VoSti as much as VoSti hated all of creation."

24.	Epilogue;
	"I lingered on the scene far longer than I ever should have, soaking it in as my whole world shook. The scattered notes, drawings of various beings, all the makings of a game that illucidated our worlds. The tablet had spoken as if we were the mere illusions of another world, but this was more than I could bear, as if a window to that world sat before me. Creaping toward the sleeping man on the floor, and touching his arm, it was as if my surroundings began to spiral into the ashen drawing on the wall. The portal that now opened before me revealing the familiar plain white sky of the world between worlds, the Gateway, as everything was rapidly pulled inside."
