"Chapter Eighteen"

~Face the Whirlwind~


1.	Prologue;
	"With these spirits standing together with the gods, now is the time to strike. You are more than you gave yourself credit for, and now you know the potential of Rememberence. You're own potential, hidden before your eyes by Corrupt forces in your own world, in your own mind. We can restore the gods, gathering our armies to bring VoSti down, once and for all. Even if it ultimately costs us our lives."

2.	Governance;
	"Spiraling through the portal before landing on my feet, the cool stone beneath my feet taking me by surprise. Scanning my surroundings, I had emerged in the courtyard of a long-forgotten city, the place we had fought VoSti so long ago. I stood in the City of Mythos, it's structures stretching high into the air, as the encroaching silence engulfed me, NaFi landed with a heavy thud beside me. Meeting my eyes as they rose to their feet, a wave of hatred surged from across the courtyard, as VoSti had been pulled through the portal just as we had been. Raising his hand with a strange artifact glowing with power, as NaFi looked down on his own artifact, pulsing with power as well."

3.	Religion;
	"'The Chaos Shards' Came NaFi's timeless voice, as a streak of wind shot across the space, meeting with VoSti in the center of the courtyard. Their combined powers clashing as NaFi shot upward, striking down with a savage gust, as VoSti shot upward after evading it narrowly. Their artifacts glowing with power as if from within them, I surged forward, a flash of dust, meeting VoSti with both my feet to the side of his head. He absorbed the impact, rotating in place, catching me with an armored claw and throwing me into the ground by the side of my face. Rotating during the fall, I readied myself and landed on my feet, as NaFi intercepted his downward strike that threatened to flatten me against the ground."

4.	Logic;
	"A sudden blade of wind came careening from the distance, with barely enough time to dodge I leapt upward, and in the distance, I saw him. My shadow, not the cheap imitations that were at VoSti's whim, but the very being I had fought all those years ago. Lunging for me, his demeanor had changed, striking at my face, as I blocked with a gust of wind, his face still distorted, the wicked grin now filled with a kind of solace. 'We killed her,' his voice no longer a twisted glee, now drenched in deep hatred and a thirst for vengeance. Landing and rotating with a sharp kick to his ribs, meeting his anger with courage, 'You're going to have to do better than that' I responded as he blocked the kick, gripping my calf with both hands."

5.	Wisdom;
	"Spinning me around, he threw me into a building at the edge of the courtyard, while VoSti and NaFi continued to battle, the fight where NaFi and I had the edge, now evenly matched. My shadow rushing me and slamming into the wall as I rolled out of the way, debris flying around the area, I shot blade after blade into the cloud of dust. Returning fire my shadow began to retaliate, blocking my blades and firing his own, as I retaliated in kind, our winds blowing away the cloud of dust that obstructed our vision. Running across the ground as my shadow lept into the air, we clashed as he surged down, I deflected the blow, and rotated with a sharp backhand. Blocking my strike with his forearm, 'We've both come a long way since we last fought,' his response taking me by surprise, this once twisted version of myself now more cunning, more stable, as I too had changed since then."

6.	Wealth;
	"The broken soul that had emerged from the endless void and battled before was more of a distant dream, the pain and regret now replaced by the struggle to survive, and the drive to protect my home. In the shadow this was reflected into a cunning wickedness no longer twisted with pride in the savagery of the past, but refined into a grim mirror of the world he too sought to protect. 'As long as your Avalon exists, mine is blanketed in darkness,' his voice echoing my own, 'Are they not mirrors of one another? If my Avalon is destroyed, won't yours be as well?' I retorted, blocking a sharp kick aimed for my head. 'The brights in the citadel ravaged my team,' his wicked echo filled with hatred, 'the tablet revealing the truth, it must be destroyed' his words ringing hollow inside me. 'Even if all we know is mere illusion, the meaning we find within it is real none the less,' I responded, as our winds clashed ferociously."

7.	Matter;
	"'Our battle will decide the fate of Avalon, both yours and mine,' blow for blow, striking with our winds and our fists, NaFi doing battle with the Cloaked One across the courtyard. Our attacks more evenly matched, less desperate and more calculated than our previous battle, as I fought to rejoin NaFi, and he fought to rejoin VoSti. Fighting with as much as we could spare without burning ourselves out, both knowing the other would turn the tide of battle for the divine power whose side we were on. Clashing as we locked hands, pushing one another, and holding firm, 'If we continue like this, neither will win,' I spoke between breaths, 'I know, but it must be this way,' they responded. 'Why is this our fate? To battle for forces beyond our control?' I questioned, breaking away with my right hand and pulling down with my left, striking with my knee, and colliding with their beak with an echoing crack."

8.	Illusion;
	"Still gripping their arm, as they unleashed a painful screech, I whipped them over my head with a gust from below, slamming them into the ground behind me. 'I can't keep holding back,' I shouted as they choked up a small amount of blood, I kicked them in the ribs, and flipping forward, delivered both feet to their ribcage. 'I have something to fight for, while you fight only for yourself,' my words meeting them as I slammed them over and over with gust after gust, and blades of wind. Like a flicker of dust, they appeared above me, 'I Fight for Avalon!' they shouted as they retaliated, erupting with the Falcon, and slamming me with savage winds, sending me into the ground, pushing the breath from my lungs. My Falcon erupting in kind, surging upward, the immense pressure from our attacks shaking everything around us as the battle raged on."

9.	War;
	"Our winds clashing, repelling one another, bouncing off one another, strike after strike, despite being evenly matched, I knew I had to win. The shadow was making mistakes, like I had in our first battle, they were lashing out wildly, as my movements remained steady, and calculated. Their frustration apparent in their attacks, as each clash sent bursts of wind through out the courtyard. The Eternal Wind and VoSti had moved well into the sky, as my shadow and I clashed closer to the ground. Evading the shadow, and spinning with a rapid elbow that connected with their eye socket, my shadow was sent careening into a building."

10.	Space;
	"Before I could advance on my shadow, NaFi was sent spiraling into the ground before me, as VoSti rapidly plunged both his clawed fists into their chest on the ground. Without hesitation, I lunged to strike VoSti, wrapping my arm with razor winds, and smashing him in the ribs, and then the face, as he was knocked away from NaFi. Quickly helping them to their feet, they blocked an attack from my shadow, who had returned to their feet, and surged into battle. NaFi swiped their legs from below them and knocked them back with a sudden strike to their chest, as VoSti lunged for me. Dodging low, I countered with a blade of wind to their torso which they blocked as they were blown back and I surged forward."

11.	Vision;
	"The dynamic of the battle had shifted, as NaFi battled my shadow, and I began to clash with VoSti. His searing hatred burning through me as I tackled him, surging as fast as I could, slamming him into a wall. Releasing my hold, and lunging back to him with both feet for another impact, VoSti dodged, as my shadow had broken away from NaFi, stiking me in the face. Fighting in tandem as we switched from one target to the other, engaging my shadow, and then VoSti, as NaFi and I covered each other. VoSti and my shadow unleashing twisted winds, as NaFi and I errupted with savage whirlwinds of our own."

12.	Peace;
	"Brutally wounded, my shadow and I putting everything into each strike, as NaFi and the Cloaked one wavered just the same. Catching a kick from my shadow and throwing him into NaFi as they slammed him into the ground, VoSti lept into a downward kick meeting my shoudler. Holding his leg despite the pain, NaFi crashed into his hooded face as he swung upward with his other leg, launching me high into the air. My shadow appearing above me, and striking down with razor sharp winds, blocking with the Falcon around me, as I was launched into the ground. Bracing myself, and launching blades of wind at VoSti as NaFi caught my shadow from the side with a burst of wind, and the battle raged on."

13.	Decay;
	"Several swipes from VoSti caught me in the back as I turned to block an attack from my shadow, screaching in pain as the gust of wind broke my stance. NaFi landed between VoSti and I countering his attacks as my shadow rushed me with relentless blasts of savage wind. Back to back, the Eternal Wind and I began to rotate around one another, countering the shadow and VoSti in kind, their attacks coming from both sides. The whirlwind growing around us, as we fought the onslaught, unleashing a sudden burst that engulfed the entire courtyard. As VoSti and my shadow were thrown back, NaFi spoke within me, 'We're running out of time,' his clear exhaustion mirroring my own."

14.	Time;
	"VoSti raced across the ground, as NaFi moved to intercept, before being dodged as VoSti attacked me with strike after strike. Blocking and deflecting when I was able, and weaving my winds to push back, my shadow had recovered and lept into the fray, being stopped by NaFi as they engaged one another. Dropping back and unleashing a kick with both feet that connected with VoSti's shouder, I spun around my center, landing on all fours facing NaFi and my shadow, surging forward. I tackled the shadow as NaFi spun to block VoSti, who had already bgan his counter attack, 'If VoSti wins, both our worlds will be destroyed,' I shouted as I pinned my shadow to the ground. 'I.. Don't... CARE!' they screamed as I was thrown upward by the devastating winds carried by their voice, 'Why would you..' I whispered as I propelled myself downward with everything I had, a spiraling gale like a drill of blistering winds."

15.	Signs;
	"The devastating impact sending an ever expanding tornado of grief across the courtyard, shredding the shadow limb from limb, too tired to stop my final attack. 'Prove... Me wrong... Avian...' their final whisper reaching my ears as they faded into dust, the spiraling crater left by my attack scarring the terrain. NaFi and the Cloaked One had both been thrown back by the blast of wind, and as VoSti rushed me screeching with unholy rage, NaFi moved to intercept. The Cloaked One caught me by my beak, and his soulless rasp sank into my very soul, 'Avalon will die with you,' his words raching into the pit of my stomach, radiating through every wound and broken bone. A sudden kick to the side of his head sent VoSti flying, 'This isn't over yet,' the timeless voice of NaFi resonated through me, as he landed and shot after the Cloaked One while I struggled to my feet."

16.	Life;
	"Racing to meet them, as NaFi unleashed a flury of strikes and heavy gusts, pummeling VoSti against the wall. Several imitations of myself sprang from him, rushing NaFi and myself, as the Cloaked One surged from the debris and his glyphs raced to intercept me. Striking one with a tornado of blistering winds, and blocking another, even without the help of my shadow, VoSti had evened the odds. Shattering one after the next, the pale imitations no match for me, even with my wounds racking my body with every movement. Surging forward to cover NaFi, as they struck VoSti with a harsh uppercut, and I swung down with a blistering kick."

17.	Blood;
	"Catching my foot with one hand, and NaFi's arm with the other, VoSti whipped us into one another, and spinning in place, he threw us both into the air. Halting ourselvs at the peak of our momentum, he was already upon us, kicking NaFi away and catching my shoulder with an iron grip as he pulnged downward. Slamming me into the ground as NaFi crashed into a wall, striking me in the ribs as I bounced off the ground, and slamming me in the chest with another savage strike. NaFi pulled himself from the rubble, and rushed VoSti, blasting him in the face with gust after gust. Coughing blood, every inch of my body shaking and searing with pain, I slashed at VoSti with blade after blade of wind."

18.	Spirit;
	"Staggering back, VoSti unleashed a wicked howl, as NaFi stumbled forward as fast as he could manage, and I ran toward VoSti, limping on shattered legs. VoSti stumbled, and fell to a knee as NaFi unleashed his winds, pummeling VoSti with what little he had left. I rolled forward, using my wind to push me, slashing upward with a savage blade. VoSti struggled to block NaFi's onslaught, and my blade caught him, pushing him back as portions of his cloak were torn asunder. The face beneath the endless darkness of his cloak now revealed for a moment, a twisted reflection of NaFi, as golden light pulled him together slowly."

19.	Minds;
	"The shock that spread throughout my essence like a shiver of disbelief, as my shadow, this iteration of VoSti was a shadow of NaFi. The twisted winds he threw now seeming to coaless in my heart, as NaFi's voice echoed through me 'We have to finish this,' as I struggled to my feet. 'Even the Eternals have shadows they face,' the words ringing in my mind, as I ran forward, holding myself up with magic winds. NaFi unleashed a downward gust, like a savage ray of gas focused into a beam of twisting wind, as I began to focus my winds around them, pulling it around VoSti as he screamed out in pain and hatred. The powerful attack of NaFi as focused through my winds like a magnifying glass shreding VoSti to innumerable pieces, scattered to the winds."

20.	Owners;
	"Collapsing to the ground, every ounce of energy I had remaining spent, every bone broken, even my soul ached with longing for home. NaFi made their way to me, struggling with each step, 'You're alive,' the voice of a timeless grandfather sweeping over me, as they sat beside me slowly. 'He had your face,' I whispered through shattered ribs and searing pain, 'The face of the Hidden Wind,' NaFi replied as he fell to his back beside me. 'Rest for now,' his voice washing over me like a cool breeze on a summer day, 'This battle is over, but there is much to do,' as I slowly began to close my eyes. Every inch of my being searing with pain as I whispered one final line, 'He was your shadow,' as I turned to see NaFi gazing at me with understanding, and I lost consciousness."

21.	Lessons;
	"Drifting through nothingness, no sensation, no time, Avalon seemed like a distant memory, the battle fresh in my mind. Had I managed to prove my shadow wrong, was Avalon truly saved, was this truly the end? Thoughts of the lives I left behind, and the life I had lived, rushing through me like a wave of longing and regret. Coming to a stand still at the face of Lialin, smiling at me with her eyes, as she sang softly over me. Were we truly victorious, had we finally defeated VoSti, or was this merely one step on an endless journey?"

22.	Truth;
	"I don't know how long I remained unconscious before I awakened, lying in the bed that once held NaFi atop his tower. Unable to speak or breathe as I wavered in and out of sleep, NaFi pacing, speaking with the other guardians of wind. Why had they not aided our final battle, where had they gone when we entered the portal? Was it destiny that NaFi and I fight VoSti alone, or was there some greater reality beyond my perceptions? No dreams, no nightmares, only darkness greeted me, as moments of consciousness were fleeting at best."

23.	Mystic;
	"The magnitude of all I had experienced escaped my grasp, as my perception faltered, shifting wildly between the planes of Avalon, and the realm of the Eternal Winds. Like being both infantesimal and infinite beyond comprehension simultaniously. Fleeting memories and near death experiences, as every bone in my body racked with seemingly endless pain. Flickers of light would wash over me, only to fade again as muffled voices argued in the distance. Cast back to darkness unsure if I had actually died long, long ago, with these storms of pain and longing as my eternal punishment."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Eternity upon eternity, the pain unending, the fatigue driven into the pit of my soul. Lacking any sense of time or place, holding onto the hope that Avalon still lived. Holding on to the very end, wanting nothing more than to know the fight was truly over. Hoping beyond hope that NaFi's promise of a long happy life awaited Lialin in my absence. Still, part of me wandered, a curiosity at the edge of my mind, I had to know the truth behind the shadow, the truth of the Hidden Wind..."
