"Playing Along"

	If you enter a Portal in the Gateway, you will find yourself in Elemental shrines. They are filled with tall pillars of energy, and ornate patterns decorate the floor. You see a God, matching the portal you entered, fighting against VoSti. They are trading blows back and fourth, as The Cloaked One spawns Glyphs that match the God, Like fighting a Tirade of their own reflection. The God seems to be at a slight disadvantage, if you join the fight, you might be able to Shift the battle in their favor. Or you can let them fight, and go back the way you came.

	If you choose to fight, then you are placed on the Battle Board with a Tier Level version of both VoSti, and the God. VoSti Uses his abilities to match and pin his targets. While fighting you and a God, he will use his Glyphs on you, and Mimic the God. If you win, and Banish VoSti from the Shrine, You may Progress to the God's world, and return here to Train/Shop with the God at any time. They will be in the center of the Shrine. This becomes their base of operations, where you may deliver shards to help restore their power.

	All spirits in the God's worlds are Tier Level versions of the God in question, in addition to constructs from their faction. They are hostile until you restore the God's power, at which point they will only attack if provoked. Once The God's power has been restored, You may Join and purchase Tier Level Constructs from their faction.

	Each world has 6 labs, and Each lab has 10 random floors for each Tier Level, with a boss of VoSti at the next Tier Level on the final floor. You only have to beat a world's Labs once, but can play through them indefinitely. Defeating all the labs at any Tier Level, grants the God for that world their Chaos shard. 

	Restoring a God's power by beating all the Labs in their world, Moves them to both sides of their portal. One in the elemental shrine, and the other on top of their respective towers.

	To restore the towers, you must fight your way Down all 100 random floors of each tower with the God in question. They may use their Chaos Shard while fighting Tier Level versions of VoSti, and Glitch Constructs, throughout the tower. Once the tower has been restored, you may fight VoSti in The City of Mythos, with any God, or all 6 at once. This is the only time VoSti will use his Chaos Shard. If you win, you complete the Tier level at which the battle takes place, and the Base plot of the game.

This is the "True" Ending.

Congratulations! ^_^




Alternate Endings?




	NaGi - Utopian Ending

	NaFi - Historian Ending

	NaWi - Club Ending

	NaZi - Asylum Ending

	NaTe - Town Ending

	NaDin - Nostalgia Ending

	VoSti - Ragnarok Ending


	These endings are acquired by following a specific God through their World/Tower, purchasing their constructs, joining their faction, and talking to them about the things that happened before they came back. You might be surprised what the Gods have to say about their former players, maybe not. This is going to be rather different for everyone, no two conversations are the same. Use their Rhythms, their Cronicles, and the Runes, to gain insight into the story that is otherwise missing or obscured.

	These are "Pure" endings, Save one God, Clear their world, Join their Faction, Clear their tower, Fight VoSti. Roll credits.

	To Join VoSti, you have to challenge him in the Gateway, without banishing him from any shrines. He will fight you at the appropriate Tier Level. If you win, He will act like the Gods in the shrines, but in Mythos, allowing you to Train/Shop with him and The Glitched. You must now fight through 10 floors of each tower, against Tier Level versions of VoSti with bosses of the towers' respective Gods. Upon clearing all of the towers at any Tier Level, VoSti is granted his Chaos Shard. You may proceed to battle the Gods one by one, but they won't be in the shrines like they are normally.

	To make them return to their shrine, you have to clear their factions from the labs, and force them back. Once you have cleared all the labs, then you can fight them with VoSti beneath the shrines. Each shrine descends 100 random floors, where you and VoSti must eradicate Tier Level versions of the God in question, and constructs from their faction.

	Clear one shrine and fight that particular God with VoSti in Mythos, and you get a "Corrupt" Ending. VoSti receives their Chaos Shard and Destroys them. Clear all of the shrines, and fight all of the Gods with the Cloaked One at the same time, and you get the "False" Ending. VoSti collects all the Chaos Shards, becomes the Master of Realms, and corrupts the whole of creation.

	Note that these are stories and games, Please maintain your own safety at all times, Have Fun, and Blessed Be! ^_^














There is one more ending...

















	The "I AM" ending;

	At the finale of either the "True" Or "False" Endings, while the Gods and VoSti are fighting, They will be using their Chaos Shards. Weapons of Great Power from beyond dimensions. When one of these 7 Characters dies, who ever destroyed them may use their Chaos Shard for the duration of the battle. 

If one of the Gods destroys VoSti, Game Over. True ending. 

If VoSti destroys all of the Gods, Game Over. False Ending.

If You:

	A) Destroy VoSti yourself, and turn on the Gods or,

	B) Destroy one of the Gods, and Turn on VoSti.

You can get the "I AM" Ending.

	This is the most challenging ending to get, because the moment you have a Chaos Shard, and turn it against the Gods, they will all attack you, and if you were on a True ending, you're also fighting VoSti. If VoSti has more than one shard, he's nearly impossible to beat. If you manage to defeat VoSti and all of the Gods, it's possible for you to get all of the shards in a single battle, and obtain the "I AM" Ending. YOU Become The Master of Realms instead of VoSti, and you Rule the 7 Omniverse as you see fit, or erase them, whatever.

Game Over?











Then again...


Who was the first Master of Reamls?

"7 as one, six as none, hidden plans, forbidden hands. Broken hearts etched in fallen stars, eternal scars, and so it starts. The seeker seeks, the source recoursed. The All One."

