"NaFi"

~The Winds of Change~


1.	Prologue;
	"I don't know man, this whole situation makes me uncomfortable. This game was like my life for the longest time, met most of my friends playing it. Something about how it plays just brings the right people together. It opened a whole universe of possibilities to me, and I'll never forget the adventures I had. You're not here to hear me romanticize the past though are you?"

2.	Governance;
	"I used to hang out with my friends, watching movies, toking up, ya know? Throw on some tunes and have some fun, we played cards against humanity, D&D, Magic the gathering... When we picked up Rememberence, it was like burning a hole through reality. A game that takes place in the future and the past, it just lined up with everything man. It turned our little group into a herd of space gladiators, good game that one."

3.	Religion;
	"When we started seeing our games play out, it was freaky as hell. We had one game, where a particular clerk was being a pain in the ass, when all we needed was directions. It's not that weird really, random chance and all, the game plays itself out. We were going on a trip not too long after that, and we wound up stranded at a gas station for 16 hours, all because the clerk insisted our money was counterfeit. In game, the clerk was in denial of our intentions, that's just one example too, I've got hundreds of these."

4.	Logic;
	"We had to start being more careful when we played because the games just got too real. We couldn't act like interstellar pirates, and do what ever we wanted. The things we did in game had parallels in reality, and we caught on to that pretty fast. We're fucking stoners man, I knew this was some mind bending bull shit. It's like the universe but condensed, and we handled that rather well, all things considered."

5.	Wisdom;
	"It wasn't all just peaches and cream though, we had some unusually close calls. We had done a raid of an adversarial village in one game, only to have riots in our neighboring town within a week. Did a dungeon run where the cave was flooded, and we're watching cars float down the street before we knew it. I don't think our games were making things happen, seems unlikely. More like the game somehow tuned into another point in time, to warn us of things that haven't happened yet."

6.	Wealth;
	"We didn't use it as well as we could have, it was still just a game we played on the weekends. Despite knowing what it could do, we still just played it like a game. We did do a couple games we thought would help people, played out a wedding for one of my friend's sisters. She's happily married to this day, and we barely lifted a finger, took all of an hour of gameplay. I guess we never really thought of it like some crazy power or anything, we just sort of went with it, let things play out how they did."

7.	Matter;
	"We always played as a team, it was us versus the cosmos. The wind in our sails, the stars on the horizon, but we started drifting apart. I was the star captain, and they were my crew, we had taken and freed countless worlds. When some of them just stopped showing up, I was sort of broken up. They were my friends, and they just left man, haven't heard from them in years."

8.	Illusion;
	"It was never quite the same after that, everyone started battling one another. Forged our own empires, we really went to town. It was month after month of endless warfare. When that started hitting in the real world, we had no idea how to respond. My cousin got SWAT called on him, One friend ended up in jail for several theft charges, the whole world just collapsed around us."

9.	War;
	"We opened up a little slice of hell right in our own back yards. When we stopped hanging out, I played the game alone for a while. I didn't think it would be, but for a written RPG, it's actually not bad solo. You want to play fair obviously, if the dice beat you, take the L. I did some dungeons and world raids, but without my crew, it was like a sail without a mast, aimlessly drifting."

10.	Space;
	"I went looking for some kind of rhyme or reason, it was like losing my whole world, and being left to darkness. It was strange, you wouldn't normally think a fictional entity, generated by a board game, could be a source of wisdom. Yet there she was, Elf, Holy, absolutely beautiful, When I interacted with her, and I know how this sounds, she told me "The path to wisdom you seek, lies in the heart of all creation." I played the dice, used my Bio's and the runes, it was like speaking through a math portal. Each roll of the dice bringing new insights, like pealing away all the layers of perception that had held my mind back as long as I can remember."

11.	Vision;
	"I started digging into the various creation myths around the world. Some creator god who forged the world from chaos, and passed that power to it's creations. Like the priestess told me, in the heart of ALL creation. I had to find what was common among them if I was going to find out why everything I knew fell apart. Why I was so helpless to do anything about it, even if I had tried."

12.	Peace;
	"I applied Rememberence, like a lens. It helped me pull apart these old stories, and really digest them in a new way. They weren't old dry tales of battles and discoveries, now they were playable scenarios in a living environment. I was so excited when I realized I could use Rememberence as a way to "Play" history. I spent weeks making Classical figures, and running them through their respective battles, and historical periods. You can't ruin your life, if everything you do in the game, happens in the past, Right?"

13.	Decay;
	"I started playing NaFi when the game's creator asked me to run a world for him. I'm not sure how he knew I played, but I had come to expect things like this. I was given outstanding power, a whole Omniverse. Not that I really wanted it, I was busy using Rememberence to play through the Victorian period at the time. It was like a side game, I used to sort of chill with the new peeps who joined my group, show them the ropes."

14.	Time;
	"I started playing on the servers more often, taking little groups of The Dazed on missions with me. We'd find some material rich world with only primitive tribes on it, just hang out a while as the natives worshiped us. Weird nonsense games like that, we'd go fishing or rabbit hunting, nothing that could have serious real world ramifications. It didn't last long until we started experiencing problems. I'd take someone on a mission, and they'd wipe out a whole tribe, destroy supplies, torch buildings, general random havoc."

15.	Signs;
	"It was never the same accounts, so we couldn't really prevent it, we'd just ban them and move on. It was like trying to keep bugs out of a garden, before long they were making it into almost every group of newbies. I started picking them out better as time went on, but I always missed a few. One mission was sabotaged by a freaky little demon asshole, who insisted he was trying to build the ultimate power armor. I should have known better, that little prick set off a chain of events that destroyed an entire space station, it took hours of material farming to build that thing, down the drain."

16.	Life;
	"You can kind of get hints as to a person's personality, by the kind of spirit they choose to make. You should never judge a book by it's cover, but this game has a way of getting into your head without you knowing it. Despite it beating you over the head with it at the same time. If someone makes an angel, they're usually looking for higher purpose. If they choose curse type, they might be feeling a lack of control, all you need to do is watch how they play, and you can read them just like a history book."

17.	Blood;
	"I was growing frustrated and bored with all the endless raids I was enduring, resetting things time and time again. It was happening almost every day, and I just got sick of it. Some newer faction called The Glitch, all they would do is raid other factions by posing as newbies, and corrupt people's worlds. Once someone has been on a map for a while, it's hard to untangle them from the timeline. You have to reset to before they ever showed up, and that often deleted hours upon hours of progress."

18.	Spirit;
	"Eventually several of the mods got together and tried to get rid of their leader, but somehow he had lost control of his own character. It had been stolen by his faction, who had admittedly gotten carried away. We tried to negotiate with them, said that they could join the main servers and play along with the rest of us, but they just sent us 10000 copies of a shit-sickle breeder with outrageous HP. We had to dispense with HIM if we ever wanted to be rid of them. All we had left was locking him away and shutting everything down."

19.	Minds;
	"It was carefully planned, we had spread the word through out the community. People knew why we had to do it, why we had to put an end to everything. We gathered everyone in the hub world, The Gateway, and we challenged VoSti in the middle of Mythos. We tore everything apart weakening him, every spirit there was wore thin or already dead, until only the mods and VoSti remained. We thought he was being controlled by an anonymous player, but there was no login, nobody pulling the strings, as if he had become his own Player."

20.	Owners;
	"Listen, I know how that sounds, but he was playing himself. At the final moment, we used our Chaos shards, and sealed him in the gateway, as we deleted the servers. It was like some black magic or something, everything in my house went dead at the same time, power, laptop, even my phone stopped working. Like the light just vanished, and the power was drained from everything. I woke up on the floor the next morning, not even sure how I passed out."

21.	Lessons;
	"If Rememberence is back, and he's come with it, we're all in serious trouble. He will stop at Nothing to assemble the Chaos shards, and breach the barrier between our world and the worlds of the spirits. If that happens, even the pits of hell will cry in agony, and no gods shall remain unscathed. I will have no part in this freak resurrection of long dead ghosts beyond this, You have to find others who will join you. Someone, somewhere can bring him down, but they have to be DAMN special to pull something like that off.

22.	Truth;
	"If he has the gods on their knees, and has brought back the memory of Rememberence, then he's closer than he's ever been to obtaining exactly what he needs to become the Master of Realms. Time is already out, but there might still be a chance for someone to prevent him from getting any further. With enough people able to destroy his various stages, over and over again, you may eventually weaken his presence. Hell you might even be able to destroy him entirely. We simply need enough people who have come to Rememberence with a drive to take his ass down!"
	
23.	Mystic;
	"I can only hope that the people who seek him do not fall prey to his corruption. Nobody should have that much power, especially not a freak accident of math and combined will. Someone will take him down, someone will free the gods. Just leave me out of it, I use Rememberence to unwind, and play through my history books while I get stoned on the couch man. I don't need to go down this path, even if it means letting that which strikes fear in fear itself seize unimaginable power."

24.	Epilogue;
	"Listen, if you want to stage a war against the fabric of chaos, go right ahead, I won't stop you. It's probably better that you do, because I don't even want to think of what he'll do if he escapes his digital prison. Just heed my warning, don't go into this looking for good vs evil, you get enough of that in real life. Take VoSti as a direct threat to the balance of cosmic order itself, a massive grinder ready to consume heaven and hell just the same. Good or bad, sooner or later, someone has to finish what was started all those years, maybe even centuries ago."
